ham,"Cool, text me when you head out"
ham,I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  # Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. # lacs..thats my prob
ham,Dunno lei shd b driving lor cos i go sch 1 hr oni.
ham,Dun need to use dial up juz open da browser n surf...
ham,Just got outta class gonna go gym.
ham,In xam hall boy asked girl Tell me the starting term for dis answer I can den manage on my own After lot of hesitation n lookin around silently she said THE! intha ponnungale ipaditan;)
ham,I will treasure every moment we spend together...
ham,Meeting u is my work. . . Tel me when shall i do my work tomorrow
ham,Did he just say somebody is named tampa
ham,Ok...
ham,R u comin back for dinner?
ham,I tot it's my group mate... Lucky i havent reply... Wat time do u need to leave... 
ham,Hello! Good week? Fancy a drink or something later?
ham,Finished class where are you.
ham,Imagine Life WITHOUT ME... see.. How fast u are searching me?Don't worry.. l'm always there To disturb U.. Goodnoon..:)
spam,Double Mins & Double Txt & 1/2 price Linerental on Latest Orange Bluetooth mobiles. Call MobileUpd8 for the very latest offers. 08000839402 or call2optout/LF56
ham,Hope you are having a great new semester. Do wish you the very best. You are made for greatness.
spam,"You've won tkts to the EURO2004 CUP FINAL or £800 CASH, to collect CALL 09058099801 b4190604, POBOX 7876150ppm"
ham,Hi msg me:)i'm in office..
ham,They said u dun haf passport or smth like dat.. Or u juz send to my email account..  
spam,Urgent! Please call 09061213237 from landline. £5000 cash or a luxury 4* Canary Islands Holiday await collection. T&Cs SAE PO Box 177. M227XY. 150ppm. 16+
ham,"Abeg, make profit. But its a start. Are you using it to get sponsors for the next event?"
ham,Hi. || Do u want | to join me with sts later? || Meeting them at five. || Call u after class.
ham,"I don't have anybody's number, I still haven't thought up a tactful way to ask alex"
ham,Same as u... Dun wan... Y u dun like me already ah... Wat u doing now? Still eating?
ham,.Please charge my mobile when you get up in morning.
spam,"You are guaranteed the latest Nokia Phone, a 40GB iPod MP3 player or a £500 prize! Txt word: COLLECT to No: 83355! IBHltd LdnW15H 150p/Mtmsgrcvd18"
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
spam,PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203652 Identifier Code: 42810 Expires 29/10/0
ham,"I can't speak, bcaz mobile have problem. I can listen you but you cann't listen my voice. So i calls you later."
spam,You have won a guaranteed 32000 award or maybe even £1000 cash to claim ur award call free on 0800 ..... (18+). Its a legitimat efreefone number wat do u think???
ham,They will pick up and drop in car.so no problem..
ham,"Tick, tick, tick .... Where are you ? I could die of loneliness you know ! *pouts* *stomps feet* I need you ..."
spam,ROMCAPspam Everyone around should be responding well to your presence since you are so warm and outgoing. You are bringing in a real breath of sunshine.
ham,thanks for the temales it was wonderful. Thank. Have a great week.
ham,"HI HUN! IM NOT COMIN 2NITE-TELL EVERY1 IM SORRY 4 ME, HOPE U AVA GOODTIME!OLI RANG MELNITE IFINK IT MITE B SORTED,BUT IL EXPLAIN EVERYTHIN ON MON.L8RS.x"
ham,Mum say we wan to go then go... Then she can shun bian watch da glass exhibition... 
ham,"Hi. Hope ur day * good! Back from walk, table booked for half eight. Let me know when ur coming over."
ham,R u saying i should re order the slippers cos i had to pay for returning it.
ham,K:)i will give my kvb acc details:)
ham,Have you started in skye
spam,A £400 XMAS REWARD IS WAITING FOR YOU! Our computer has randomly picked you from our loyal mobile customers to receive a £400 reward. Just call 09066380611
ham,Thanks a lot for your wishes on my birthday. Thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable.
spam,You will be receiving this week's Triple Echo ringtone shortly. Enjoy it!
ham,#  w jetton ave if you forgot
ham,Have a great trip to India. And bring the light to everyone not just with the project but with everyone that is lucky to see you smile. Bye. Abiola
ham,Hey they r not watching movie tonight so i'll prob b home early...
spam,Ur TONEXS subscription has been renewed and you have been charged £4.50. You can choose 10 more polys this month. www.clubzed.co.uk *BILLING MSG*
ham,"Hmph. Go head, big baller."
spam,Want explicit SEX in 30 secs? Ring 02073162414 now! Costs 20p/min
ham,U don't know how stubborn I am. I didn't even want to go to the hospital. I kept telling Mark I'm not a weak sucker. Hospitals are for weak suckers.
ham,In meeting da. I will call you
ham,What's your room number again? Wanna make sure I'm knocking on the right door
spam,We tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of a Video Handset? 750 anytime any networks mins? UNLIMITED TEXT? Camcorder? Reply or call 08000930705 NOW
ham,Yup i'm still having coffee wif my frens... My fren drove she'll give me a lift...
ham,Have you always been saying welp?
spam,URGENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you have won a £900 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061701851. Claim code K61. Valid 12hours only
ham,Lol yes. But it will add some spice to your day.
ham,i thought we were doing a king of the hill thing there.
ham,I want to tell you how bad I feel that basically the only times I text you lately are when I need drugs
ham,have you ever had one foot before?
ham,I know but you need to get hotel now. I just got my invitation but i had to apologise. Cali is to sweet for me to come to some english bloke's weddin
ham,"Hmmm... Guess we can go 4 kb n power yoga... Haha, dunno we can tahan power yoga anot... Thk got lo oso, forgot liao..."
ham,My love ! How come it took you so long to leave for Zaher's? I got your words on ym and was happy to see them but was sad you had left. I miss you
ham,"Turns out my friends are staying for the whole show and won't be back til ~ # , so feel free to go ahead and smoke that $ #  worth"
ham,K...k:)why cant you come here and search job:)
ham,Home so we can always chat
ham,Mmm thats better now i got a roast down me! i’d b better if i had a few drinks down me 2! Good indian?
ham,Nope... C u then...
ham,"Trust me. Even if isn't there, its there."
ham,Lol I know! They're so dramatic. Schools already closed for tomorrow. Apparently we can't drive in the inch of snow were supposed to get.
spam,"5 Free Top Polyphonic Tones call 087018728737, National Rate. Get a toppoly tune sent every week, just text SUBPOLY to 81618, £3 per pole. UnSub 08718727870."
ham,Ok. I.ll do you right later.
ham,If u sending her home first it's ok lor. I'm not ready yet.
spam,XMAS Prize draws! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a £2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09058094565 from land line. Valid 12hrs only
ham,Whatsup there. Dont u want to sleep
ham,"As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there."
ham,Dont gimme that lip caveboy
ham,Usually the person is unconscious that's in children but in adults they may just behave abnormally. I.ll call you now
ham,Ugh its been a long day. I'm exhausted. Just want to cuddle up and take a nap
ham,Huh i cant thk of more oredi how many pages do we have?
ham,Pls come quick cant bare this.
ham,Is fujitsu s series lifebook good?
ham,I pocked you up there before
ham,Sending you greetings of joy and happiness. Do have a gr8 evening
spam,December only! Had your mobile 11mths+? You are entitled to update to the latest colour camera mobile for Free! Call The Mobile Update Co FREE on 08002986906
spam,Your credits have been topped up for http://www.bubbletext.com Your renewal Pin is tgxxrz
ham,Huh so early.. Then u having dinner outside izzit?
ham,Jesus armand really is trying to tell everybody he can find
ham,"Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng"
ham,either way works for me. I am  #  years old. Hope that doesnt bother you.
ham,soon you will have the real thing princess! Do i make you wet? :)
ham,Me hungry buy some food good lei... But mum n yun dun wan juz buy a little bit... 
spam,UR GOING 2 BAHAMAS! CallFREEFONE 08081560665 and speak to a live operator to claim either Bahamas cruise of£2000 CASH 18+only. To opt out txt X to 07786200117
spam,We tried to contact you re our offer of New Video Phone 750 anytime any network mins HALF PRICE Rental camcorder call 08000930705 or reply for delivery Wed
ham, DECIMAL m but its not a common car here so its better to buy from china or asia. Or if i find it less expensive. I.ll holla
ham,Please reserve ticket on saturday eve from chennai to thirunelvali and again from tirunelvali to chennai on sunday eve...i already see in net..no ticket available..i want to book ticket through tackle ..
ham,Or just do that 6times
ham,"Depends on quality. If you want the type i sent boye, faded glory, then about 6. If you want ralphs maybe 2"
ham,My uncles in Atlanta. Wish you guys a great semester.
ham,Pathaya enketa maraikara pa'
ham,"Poyyarikatur,kolathupalayam,unjalur post,erode dis, # ."
ham,Smith waste da.i wanna gayle.
ham,Hi good mornin.. Thanku wish u d same..
ham,Whatsup there. Dont u want to sleep
ham,... and don€˜t worry we€˜ll have finished by march ... ish!
ham,Wewa is 130. Iriver 255. All 128 mb.
ham,Tomarrow i want to got to court. At  DECIMAL . So you come to bus stand at 9.
ham,She.s good. She was wondering if you wont say hi but she.s smiling now. So how are you coping with the long distance
ham,I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  # Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. # lacs..thats my prob
ham,Great! I have to run now so ttyl!
ham,You all ready for * big day tomorrow?
ham,Nope i waiting in sch 4 daddy... 
spam,"Bears Pic Nick, and Tom, Pete and ... Dick. In fact, all types try gay chat with photo upload call 08718730666 (10p/min). 2 stop texts call 08712460324"
spam,"Urgent UR awarded a complimentary trip to EuroDisinc Trav, Aco&Entry41 Or £1000. To claim txt DIS to 87121 18+6*£1.50(moreFrmMob. ShrAcomOrSglSuplt)10, LS1 3AJ"
ham,"Awesome, plan to get here any time after like  # , I'll text you details in a wee bit"
ham,Oh thats late! Well have a good night and i will give u a call tomorrow. Iam now going to go to sleep night night
ham,I'm not driving... Raining! Then i'll get caught at e mrt station lor.
ham,There is os called ubandu which will run without installing in hard disk...you can use that os to copy the important files in system and give it to repair shop..
ham,Quite late lar... Ard 12 anyway i wun b drivin...
ham,Are you free now?can i call now?
ham,"Ok thats cool. Its , just off either raglan rd or edward rd. Behind the cricket ground. Gimme ring when ur closeby see you tuesday."
ham,Am i that much dirty fellow?
ham,"Yep, at derek's house now, see you Sunday 3"
ham,I don't want you to leave. But i'm barely doing what i can to stay sane. fighting with you constantly isn't helping.
ham,I'm at bruce & fowler now but I'm in my mom's car so I can't park (long story)
ham,How are you doing? Hope you've settled in for the new school year. Just wishin you a gr8 day
ham,"Sorry I flaked last night, stuff is seriously goin down with my roommate, what you up to tonight?"
ham,Everybody had fun this evening. Miss you.
ham,I came hostel. I m going to sleep. Plz call me up before class. Hrishi.
ham,From someone not to smoke when every time I've smoked in the last two weeks is because of you calling or texting me that you wanted to smoke
spam,URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a £2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09058094454 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only
ham,ITS A LAPTOP TAKE IT WITH YOU.
ham,Thanks for this hope you had a good day today
ham,Aight sorry I take ten years to shower. What's the plan?
ham,"Hi, my love! How goes that day? This morning I woke and dropped my cell on the way down the stairs but it seems alright ... *phews* I miss you !"
spam,You have 1 new message. Please call 08712400200.
ham,i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
ham,Good evening! this is roger. How are you?
ham,"Just got some gas money, any chance you and the gang want to go on a grand nature adventure?"
ham,Lmao you know me so well...
ham,Baaaaabe! I misss youuuuu ! Where are you ? I have to go and teach my class at 5 ...
ham,Yes. I come to nyc for audiitions and am trying to relocate.
ham,"Ha. You don€˜t know either. I did a a clever but simple thing with pears the other day, perfect for christmas."
ham,I borrow ur bag ok.
spam,Last chance 2 claim ur £150 worth of discount vouchers-Text YES to 85023 now!SavaMob-member offers mobile T Cs 08717898035. £3.00 Sub. 16 . Remove txt X or STOP
ham,"Come around  DECIMAL pm vikky..i'm otside nw, il come by tht time"
ham,I'm at home. Please call
ham,Ugh I'm resubbing to eve
ham,"Happy new year to u and ur family...may this new year bring happiness , stability and tranquility to ur vibrant colourful life:):)"
ham,Yes da. Any plm at ur office
ham,"K, wen ur free come to my home and also tel vikky i hav sent mail to him also.. Better come evening il be free today aftr 6pm..:-)"
ham,"No, but you told me you were going, before you got drunk!"
ham,What can i do? Might accidant tookplace between somewhere ghodbandar rd. Traffic moves slovely. So plz slip & don't worry.
ham,"Sure, if I get an acknowledgement from you that it's astoundingly tactless and generally bad to demand a blood oath fo"
ham,Okie u wan meet at bishan? Cos me at bishan now. I'm not driving today.
ham,Ok no prob... I'll come after lunch then...
ham,Thats cool princess! I will cover your face in hot sticky cum :)
ham,Ok lor...
ham,Eat at old airport road... But now 630 oredi... Got a lot of pple...
ham,Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
ham,Cool. I am  #  inches long. hope you like them big!
ham,"Not yet chikku..going to room nw, i'm in bus.."
ham,"Ah, well that confuses things, doesnt it? I thought was friends with now. Maybe i did the wrong thing but i already sort of invited -tho he may not come cos of money."
ham,"that would be good ... I'll phone you tomo lunchtime, shall I, to organise something?"
ham,U should have made an appointment
ham,Ok im not sure what time i finish tomorrow but i wanna spend the evening with you cos that would be vewy vewy lubly! Love me xxx
ham,Yeah so basically any time next week you can get away from your mom & get up before 3
ham,"How is my boy? No sweet words left for me this morning ... *sighs* ... How goes you day, my love ? Did you start your studying?"
ham,Lol ... I really need to remember to eat when I'm drinking but I do appreciate you keeping me company that night babe *smiles*
ham,I'm coming home 4 dinner.
ham,Come by our room at some point so we can iron out the plan for this weekend
ham,Its sunny in california. The weather's just cool
ham,"Kate jackson rec center before 7ish, right?"
spam,"You've won tkts to the EURO2004 CUP FINAL or £800 CASH, to collect CALL 09058099801 b4190604, POBOX 7876150ppm"
ham,"House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  # th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office.."
ham,"Watching cartoon, listening music & at eve had to go temple & church.. What about u?"
ham,"Sweet, we may or may not go to 4U to meet carlos so gauge patty's interest in that"
ham,I love ya too but try and budget your money better babe. Gary would freak on me if he knew
spam,This message is free. Welcome to the new & improved Sex & Dogging club! To unsubscribe from this service reply STOP. msgs@150p 18+only
ham,Will be out of class in a few hours. Sorry
ham,Haha i think i did too
ham,Long after I quit. I get on only like 5 minutes a day as it is.
spam,No 1 POLYPHONIC tone 4 ur mob every week! Just txt PT2 to 87575. 1st Tone FREE ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply HL 4info
spam,Do you want 750 anytime any network mins 150 text and a NEW VIDEO phone for only five pounds per week call 08002888812 or reply for delivery tomorrow
ham,It has issues right now. Ill fix for her by tomorrow.
ham,"Its so common hearin How r u? Wat r u doing? How was ur day? So let me ask u something different. Did u smile today? If not, do it now.... Gud evng."
ham,cud u tell ppl im gona b a bit l8 cos 2 buses hav gon past cos they were full & im still waitin 4 1. Pete x
ham,Yar lor... How u noe? U used dat route too?
ham,I sent lanre fakeye's Eckankar details to the mail box
ham,Is xy in ur car when u picking me up?
ham,I love you both too :-)
ham,Ok but knackered. Just came home and went to sleep! Not good at this full time work lark.
ham,Watching ajith film ah?
ham,I reach home safe n sound liao...
ham,I am taking you for italian food. How about a pretty dress with no panties? :)
ham,What to think no one saying clearly. Ok leave no need to ask her. I will go if she come or not
ham,Yup... From what i remb... I think should be can book... 
ham,"Japanese Proverb: If one Can do it, U too Can do it, If none Can do it,U must do it Indian version: If one Can do it, LET HIM DO it.. If none Can do it,LEAVE it!! And finally Kerala version: If one can do it, Stop him doing it.. If none can do it, Make a strike against it ..."
ham,"Living is very simple.. Loving is also simple.. Laughing is too simple.. Winning is tooo simple.. But, Being 'SIMPLE' is very difficult...;-) :-)"
ham,If you are not coughing then its nothing
ham,Did u fix the teeth?if not do it asap.ok take care.
ham,I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  # Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. # lacs..thats my prob
ham,All done? All handed in? Celebrations in full swing yet?
spam,Urgent Ur £500 guaranteed award is still unclaimed! Call 09066368327 NOW closingdate04/09/02 claimcode M39M51 £1.50pmmorefrommobile2Bremoved-MobyPOBox734LS27YF
ham,Eek that's a lot of time especially since American Pie is like 8 minutes long. I can't stop singing it.
ham,Okie...
ham,Dear :-/ why you mood off. I cant drive so i brother to drive
ham,Dunno cos i was v late n when i reach they inside already... But we ate spageddies lor... It's e gals who r laughing at me lor...
spam,sports fans - get the latest sports news str* 2 ur mobile 1 wk FREE PLUS a FREE TONE Txt SPORT ON to 8007 www.getzed.co.uk 0870141701216+ norm 4txt/120p 
ham,Oh god..taken the teeth?is it paining
ham,"That's fine, I'll talk at you about it later then"
ham,The beauty of life is in next second.. which hides thousands of secrets. I wish every second will be wonderful in ur life...!! gud n8
ham,The word Checkmate in chess comes from the Persian phrase Shah Maat which means; the king is dead.. Goodmorning.. Have a good day..:)
ham,"There'll be a minor shindig at my place later tonight, you interested?"
ham,I'll be late...
ham,u give me some time to walk there.
ham,"(I should add that I don't really care and if you can't I can at least get this dude to go away but hey, your money if you want it)"
ham,"Hello, my boytoy! I made it home and my constant thought is of you, my love. I hope your having a nice visit but I can't wait till you come home to me ...*kiss*"
spam,Promotion Number: 8714714 - UR awarded a City Break and could WIN a £200 Summer Shopping spree every WK. Txt STORE to 88039 . SkilGme. TsCs087147403231Winawk!Age16 £1.50perWKsub
ham,Hope you are having a good week. Just checking in
ham,Its posible dnt live in  # century cm frwd n thnk different
spam,http//tms. widelive.com/index. wml?id=820554ad0a1705572711&first=true¡C C Ringtone¡
ham,Hey gals...U all wanna meet 4 dinner at nÃ¬te? 
ham,Do you still have the grinder?
ham,Thanks. Fills me with complete calm and reassurance! 
ham,great princess! I love giving and receiving oral. Doggy style is my fave position. How about you? I enjoy making love  #  times per night :)
ham,Ok. Me watching tv too.
spam,Cashbin.co.uk (Get lots of cash this weekend!) www.cashbin.co.uk Dear Welcome to the weekend We have got our biggest and best EVER cash give away!! These..
ham,Jus finish my lunch on my way home lor... I tot u dun wan 2 stay in sch today...
ham,u v ma fan...
ham,"'Wnevr i wana fal in luv vth my books, My bed fals in luv vth me..!'' . Yen madodu, nav pretsorginta, nammanna pretsovru important alwa....!!:) Gud eveB-)."
ham,Dude im no longer a pisces. Im an aquarius now.
ham,"I sent you the prices and do you mean the  # g,"
ham,How much she payed. Suganya.
ham,U buy newspapers already?
ham,"Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng"
ham,"Yep, the great loxahatchee xmas tree burning of  #  starts in an hour"
ham,K.then any other special?
ham,O shore are you takin the bus
ham,what is your account number?
ham,Oh yes I can speak txt 2 u no! Hmm. Did u get  email?
spam,Santa Calling! Would your little ones like a call from Santa Xmas eve? Call 09058094583 to book your time.
ham,"Sir, good morning. Hope you had a good weekend. I called to let you know that i was able to raise  #  from my dad. He however said he would make the rest available by mid feb. This amount is still quite short and i was hoping you would help. Do have a good day. Abiola"
ham,I've got it down to a tea. not sure which flavour
spam,thesmszone.com lets you send free anonymous and masked messages..im sending this message from there..do you see the potential for abuse???
ham,Don know..he is watching film in computer..
ham,Hi darlin did youPhone me? Im atHome if youwanna chat.
ham,There's someone here that has a year  #  toyota camry like mr olayiwola's own. Mileage is  # k.its clean but i need to know how much will it sell for. If i can raise the dough for it how soon after landing will it sell. Holla back.
ham,Glad to see your reply.
spam,"0A$NETWORKS allow companies to bill for SMS, so they are responsible for their suppliers, just as a shop has to give a guarantee on what they sell. B. G."
ham,(You didn't hear it from me)
ham,Yar lor... Keep raining non stop... Or u wan 2 go elsewhere?
ham,Should i buy him a blackberry bold 2 or torch. Should i buy him new or used. Let me know. Plus are you saying i should buy the  # g wifi ipad. And what are you saying about the about the  # g?
ham,i am going to bed now prin
ham,Who u talking about?
ham,Heart is empty without love.. Mind is empty without wisdom.. Eyes r empty without dreams & Life is empty without frnds.. So Alwys Be In Touch. Good night & sweet dreams
ham,What time is ur flight tmr?
ham,What your plan for pongal?
ham,Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
ham,Yes see ya not on the dot
ham,Hey so this sat are we going for the intro pilates only? Or the kickboxing too? 
ham,"The fact that you're cleaning shows you know why i'm upset. Your priority is constantly what i want to do, not what i need to do."
ham,I like to think there's always the possibility of being in a pub later.
ham,No. I dont want to hear anything
ham,Goodo! Yes we must speak friday - egg-potato ratio for tortilla needed! 
ham,We walked from my moms. Right on stagwood pass right on winterstone left on victors hill. Address is #
spam,Do you want a new Video handset? 750 any time any network mins? UNLIMITED TEXT? Camcorder? Reply or Call now 08000930705 for del Sat AM
ham,"Nah man, my car is meant to be crammed full of people"
ham,"Madam,regret disturbance.might receive a reference check from DLF Premarica.kindly be informed.Rgds,Rakhesh,Kerala."
ham,Your gonna have to pick up a $1 burger for yourself on your way home. I can't even move. Pain is killing me.
ham,"yeah, that's what I was thinking"
ham,"Wait, do you know if wesleys in town? I bet she does hella drugs!"
ham,"Aiyo... U always c our ex one... I dunno abt mei, she haven reply... First time u reply so fast... Y so lucky not workin huh, got bao by ur sugardad ah...gee.. "
ham,I can make lasagna for you... vodka...
ham,When should I come over?
ham,No it's waiting in e car dat's bored wat. Cos wait outside got nothing 2 do. At home can do my stuff or watch tv wat.
ham,Hey tmr meet at bugis 930 ?
ham,Where are you ? You said you would be here when I woke ... :-(
spam,"As a SIM subscriber, you are selected to receive a Bonus! Get it delivered to your door, Txt the word OK to No: 88600 to claim. 150p/msg, EXP. 30Apr"
spam,"Hi, this is Mandy Sullivan calling from HOTMIX FM...you are chosen to receive £5000.00 in our Easter Prize draw.....Please telephone 09041940223 to claim before 29/03/05 or your prize will be transferred to someone else...."
ham,G.W.R
ham,K:)all the best:)congrats...
ham,Gokila is talking with you aha:)
ham,Thx. All will be well in a few months
ham,My superior telling that friday is leave for all other department except ours:)so it will be leave for you:)any way call waheed fathima hr and conform it:)
ham,"Wa, ur openin sentence very formal... Anyway, i'm fine too, juz tt i'm eatin too much n puttin on weight...Haha... So anythin special happened?"
ham,"Whenevr ur sad, Whenevr ur gray, Remembr im here 2 listn 2 watevr u wanna say, Jus walk wid me a little while,& I promise I'll bring back ur smile.:-)"
ham,* Am on my way
ham,Still in customer place
ham,"Sir Goodmorning, Once free call me."
ham,"Hello. No news on job, they are making me wait a fifth week! Yeah im up for some woozles and weasels... In exeter still, but be home about 3. "
ham,Why don't you go tell your friend you're not sure you want to live with him because he smokes too much then spend hours begging him to come smoke
ham,He like not v shock leh. Cos telling shuhui is like telling leona also. Like dat almost all know liao. He got ask me abt ur reaction lor.
ham,That was random saw my old roomate on campus. He graduated
spam,Please call our customer service representative on FREEPHONE 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
ham,But really quite funny lor wat... Then u shd haf run shorter distance wat...
ham,Olol i printed out a forum post by a guy with the exact same  prob which was fixed with a gpu replacement. Hopefully they dont ignore that.
ham,I think steyn surely get one wicket:)
ham,Friendship poem: Dear O Dear U R Not Near But I Can Hear Dont Get Fear Live With Cheer No More Tear U R Always my Dear. Gud ni8
ham,If anyone calls for a treadmill say you'll buy it. Make sure its working. I found an ad on Craigslist selling for $ # .
ham,I keep ten rs in my shelf:) buy two egg.
spam,"Urgent -call 09066649731from Landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or £10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150ppm 18+"
ham,"Tunde, how are you doing. This is just wishing you a great day. Abiola."
ham,HEY GIRL. HOW R U? HOPE U R WELL ME AN DEL R BAK! AGAIN LONG TIME NO C! GIVE ME A CALL SUM TIME FROM LUCYxx
ham,She left it very vague. She just said she would inform the person in accounting about the delayed rent and that i should discuss with the housing agency about my renting another place. But checking online now and all places around usc are  #  and up
ham,Hahaha..use your brain dear
ham,"Honeybee Said: *I'm d Sweetest in d World* God Laughed & Said: *Wait,U Havnt Met d Person Reading This Msg* MORAL: Even GOD Can Crack Jokes! GM+GN+GE+GN:)"
ham,Today i'm not workin but not free oso... Gee... Thgt u workin at ur fren's shop ? 
ham,"Are you being good, baby? :)"
ham,Babe? You said 2 hours and it's been almost 4 ... Is your internet down ?
ham,Excellent! Wish we were together right now!
ham,"She is our sister.. She belongs 2 our family.. She is d hope of tomorrow.. Pray 4 her,who was fated 4 d Shoranur train incident. Lets hold our hands together & fuelled by love & concern prior 2 her grief & pain. Pls join in dis chain & pass it. STOP VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN."
ham,Better. Made up for Friday and stuffed myself like a pig yesterday. Now I feel bleh. But at least its not writhing pain kind of bleh.
ham,Hurry home. Soup is DONE!
ham,"I'll see, but prolly yeah"
spam,PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 07815296484 shows 800 un-redeemed S.I.M. points. Call 08718738001 Identifier Code 41782 Expires 18/11/04 
ham,My battery is low babe
ham,Any pain on urination any thing else?
ham,"Dear, take care. I am just reaching home.love u a lot."
ham,"The house is on the water with a dock, a boat rolled up with a newscaster who dabbles in jazz flute behind the wheel"
ham,Kothi print out marandratha.
spam,Tone Club: Your subs has now expired 2 re-sub reply MONOC 4 monos or POLYC 4 polys 1 weekly @ 150p per week Txt STOP 2 stop This msg free Stream 0871212025016
ham,"Yeah I think my usual guy's still passed out from last night, if you get ahold of anybody let me know and I'll throw down"
spam,"SMS SERVICES. for your inclusive text credits, pls goto www.comuk.net login= 3qxj9 unsubscribe with STOP, no extra charge. help 08702840625.COMUK. 220-CM2 9AE"
ham,Jus finish blowing my hair. U finish dinner already?
ham,"Set a place for me in your heart and not in your mind, as the mind easily forgets but the heart will always remember. Wish you Happy Valentines Day!"
ham,"Wen u miss someone, the person is definitely special for u..... But if the person is so special, why to miss them, just Keep-in-touch gdeve.."
spam,"Win the newest “Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Book 5) reply HARRY, answer 5 questions - chance to be the first among readers!"
ham,Ok.
ham,And by when you're done I mean now
ham,I just saw ron burgundy captaining a party boat so yeah
ham,"sorry, no, have got few things to do. may be in pub later."
ham,This message is from a great Doctor in India:-): 1) Do not drink APPY FIZZ. It contains Cancer causing age
spam,URGENT We are trying to contact you Last weekends draw shows u have won a £1000 prize GUARANTEED Call 09064017295 Claim code K52 Valid 12hrs 150p pm
ham,Yeah. I got a list with only u and Joanna if I'm feeling really anti social
ham,Can help u swoop by picking u up from wherever ur other birds r meeting if u want.
ham,U wan 2 haf lunch i'm in da canteen now.
spam,3. You have received your mobile content. Enjoy
ham,Er mw im filled tuth is aight
ham,"I've not called you in a while. This is hoping it was l8r malaria and that you know that we miss you guys. I miss Bani big, so pls give her my love especially. Have a great day."
ham,Like a personal sized or what
ham,"Hi, can i please get a  #  dollar loan from you. I.ll pay you back by mid february. Pls."
ham,Okie...
ham,Its on in engalnd! But telly has decided it won't let me watch it and mia and elliot were kissing! Damn it!
ham,Wat makes u thk i'll fall down. But actually i thk i'm quite prone 2 falls. Lucky my dad at home i ask him come n fetch me already.
ham,Why you Dint come with us.
ham,Havent shopping now lor i juz arrive only
spam,Your weekly Cool-Mob tones are ready to download !This weeks new Tones include: 1) Crazy Frog-AXEL F>>> 2) Akon-Lonely>>> 3) Black Eyed-Dont P >>>More info in n
ham,"Awesome, that gonna be soon or later tonight?"
ham,I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham,Not to worry. I'm sure you'll get it.
ham,Got but got 2 colours lor. One colour is quite light n e other is darker lor. Actually i'm done she's styling my hair now.
spam,"Ur balance is now £600. Next question: Complete the landmark, Big, A. Bob, B. Barry or C. Ben ?. Text A, B or C to 83738. Good luck!"
ham,Dip's cell dead. So i m coming with him. U better respond else we shall come back.
ham,Guess which pub im in? Im as happy as a pig in clover or whatever the saying is! 
ham,As per your request 'Maangalyam (Alaipayuthe)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
ham,We can go 4 e normal pilates after our intro...  
ham,K..k..i'm also fine:)when will you complete the course?
ham,My tuition is at 330. Hm we go for the 1120 to 1205 one? Do you mind?
spam,5p 4 alfie Moon's Children in need song on ur mob. Tell ur m8s. Txt Tone charity to 8007 for Nokias or Poly charity for polys: zed 08701417012 profit 2 charity.
ham,They did't play one day last year know even though they have very good team.. Like india.
ham,IM GONNA MISS U SO MUCH
ham,Orh i tot u say she now still dun believe.
ham,That seems unnecessarily hostile
ham,It's ok i wun b angry. Msg u aft i come home tonight.
ham,"Wow ... I love you sooo much, you know ? I can barely stand it ! I wonder how your day goes and if you are well, my love ... I think of you and miss you"
ham,X2  # . Are you going to get that
ham,One small prestige problem now.
spam,goldviking (29/M) is inviting you to be his friend. Reply YES-762 or NO-762 See him: www.SMS.ac/u/goldviking STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
spam,"Shop till u Drop, IS IT YOU, either 10K, 5K, £500 Cash or £100 Travel voucher, Call now, 09064011000. NTT PO Box CR01327BT fixedline Cost 150ppm mobile vary"
ham,i felt so...not any conveying reason.. Ese he... What about me?
ham,Actually I decided I was too hungry so I haven't left yet :V
ham,"sir, you will receive the account no another 1hr time. Sorry for the delay."
ham,Hello madam how are you ?
ham,if you aren't here in the next  #  hours imma flip my lid
ham,"K, wait chikku..il send aftr  # mins"
ham,Mathews or tait or edwards or anderson
ham,"Princess, i like to make love  #  times per night. Hope thats not a problem!"
spam,"URGENT. Important information for 02 user. Today is your lucky day! 2 find out why , log onto http://www.urawinner.com there is a fantastic surprise awaiting you !"
ham,Huh means computational science... Y they like dat one push here n there...
ham,"Good good, billy mates all gone. Just been jogging, again! Did enjoy concert?"
ham,Cramps stopped. Going back to sleep
ham,But we havent got da topic yet rite?
ham,Was just about to ask. Will keep this one. Maybe that's why you didn't get all the messages we sent you on glo
ham,Haha... They cant what... At the most tmr forfeit... haha so how?
spam,Thanks for the Vote. Now sing along with the stars with Karaoke on your mobile. For a FREE link just reply with SING now.
ham,"Haha, my friend tyler literally just asked if you could get him a dubsack"
ham,"Damn, can you make it tonight or do you want to just wait til tomorrow"
ham,Well I wasn't available as I washob nobbing with last night so they had to ask Nickey Platt instead of me!;
ham,I got a call from a landline number. . . I am asked to come to anna nagar . . . I will go in the afternoon
ham,"My friend, she's studying at warwick, we've planned to go shopping and to concert tmw, but it may be canceled, havn't seen  for ages, yeah we should get together sometime!"
ham,Ok then no need to tell me anything i am going to sleep good night
ham,So i asked how's anthony. Dad. And your bf
ham,"Mmmmm ... It was sooooo good to wake to your words this morning, my Love!! Mmmm... I love you too, my Lion ... *devouring kiss from across the sea*"
ham,Friendship poem: Dear O Dear U R Not Near But I Can Hear Dont Get Fear Live With Cheer No More Tear U R Always my Dear. Gud ni8
ham,No. I meant the calculation is the same. That  # units at  # . This school is really expensive. Have you started practicing your accent. Because its important. And have you decided if you are doing 4years of dental school or if you'll just do the nmde exam.
ham,Its a big difference.  #  versus  #  every  # hrs
ham,Yeah I imagine he would be really gentle. Unlike the other docs who treat their patients like turkeys.
ham,Oic... Then better quickly go bathe n settle down...
ham,She's fine. Sends her greetings
ham,When you came to hostel.
ham,"Save yourself the stress. If the person has a dorm account, just send your account details and the money will be sent to you."
spam,Congratulations ur awarded 500 of CD vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & Free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
ham,"Yup, leaving right now, be back soon"
ham,Okay lor... Will they still let us go a not ah? Coz they will not know until later. We drop our cards into the box right?
ham,Two teams waiting for some players
ham,Some of them told accenture is not confirm. Is it true.
spam,You have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or a £2000 prize. To claim yr prize call our customer service representative on 08714712379 between 10am-7pm Cost 10p
ham,Great comedy..cant stop laughing da:)
ham,Go fool dont cheat others ok
ham,Please tell me you have some of that special stock you were talking about
ham,Check with nuerologist.
ham,"Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  DECIMAL . #  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant."
ham,Ha... U jus ate honey ar? So sweet...
ham,Otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
ham,You still around? I could use a half-8th
ham,Y u wan to go there? C doctor?
ham,Good night my dear.. Sleepwell&Take care
ham,As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
ham,"Pity, * was in mood for that. So...any other suggestions?"
ham,Joy's father is John. Then John is the NAME of Joy's father. Mandan
ham,I've sent my wife your text. After we buy them she'll tell you what to do. So just relax. We should go get them this wkend.
ham,Is there coming friday is leave for pongal?do you get any news from your work place.
ham,I have a rather prominent bite mark on my right cheek
ham,Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish.
ham,Ok no prob. Take ur time.
ham,"Especially since i talk about boston all up in my personal statement, lol! I woulda changed that if i had realized it said nyc! It says boston now."
ham,Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
ham,Did you get any gift? This year i didnt get anything. So bad
ham,"Carlos took a while (again), we leave in a minute"
ham,I'm also came to room.
ham,Anytime lor...
ham,Thanx a lot...
ham,You know my old Dom I told you about yesterday ? His name is Roger? He got in touch with me last night and wants me to meet him today at 2 pm
ham,WOT U WANNA DO THEN MISSY?
ham,"Watching cartoon, listening music & at eve had to go temple & church.. What about u?"
ham," said kiss, kiss, i can't do the sound effects! He is a gorgeous man isn't he! Kind of person who needs a smile to brighten his day! "
ham,Mm yes dear look how i am hugging you both. :-P
spam,WIN URGENT! Your mobile number has been awarded with a £2000 prize GUARANTEED call 09061790121 from land line. claim 3030 valid 12hrs only 150ppm 
ham,"* Was a nice day and, impressively, i was sensible, went home early and now feel fine. Or am i just boring?! When's yours, i can't remember."
ham,"Okies... I'll go yan jiu too... We can skip ard oso, go cine den go mrt one, blah blah blah... "
ham,I'm watching lotr w my sis dis aft. So u wan 2 meet me 4 dinner at nite a not?
ham,Were trying to find a Chinese food place around here
ham,Went fast asleep dear.take care.
ham,I didn't get the second half of that message
ham,Ok. I asked for money how far
ham,"I'm back, lemme know when you're ready"
ham,"Lol ... Oh no babe, I wont be sliding into your place after midnight, but thanks for the invite"
ham,Been running but only managed 5 minutes and then needed oxygen! Might have to resort to the roller option!
ham,YO YO YO BYATCH WHASSUP?
ham,"Tunji, how's the queen? how are you doing. This is just wishing you a great day. Abiola."
ham,I am late. I will be there at
ham,Dunno y u ask me.
ham,So that takes away some money worries
ham,Really do hope the work doesnt get stressful. Have a gr8 day.
ham,Miles and smiles r made frm same letters but do u know d difference..? smile on ur face keeps me happy even though I am miles away from u.. :-)keep smiling.. Good nyt
ham,No let me do the math. Your not good at it.
ham,"Sorry im getting up now, feel really bad- totally rejected that kinda me thing."
ham,Please tell me not all of my car keys are in your purse
ham,Also where's the piece
spam,Todays Voda numbers ending 1225 are selected to receive a £50award. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 3100 standard rates app 
ham,Its good to hear from you
ham,"K, fyi I'm back in my parents' place in south tampa so I might need to do the deal somewhere else"
ham,Think I could stop by in like an hour or so? My roommate's looking to stock up for a trip
ham,Not thought bout it... || Drink in tap & spile at seven. || Is that pub on gas st off broad st by canal. || Ok?
ham,Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
spam,U have a secret admirer. REVEAL who thinks U R So special. Call 09065174042. To opt out Reply REVEAL STOP. 1.50 per msg recd. Cust care 07821230901
ham,Anyway i'm going shopping on my own now. Cos my sis not done yet. Dun disturb u liao.
ham,Is there any training tomorrow?
ham,I meant as an apology from me for texting you to get me drugs at  # at night
ham,K fyi x has a ride early tomorrow morning but he's crashing at our place tonight
ham,"Hey sexy buns ! Have I told you ? I adore you, loverboy. I hope you remember to thank your sister in law for those meatballs *grins* ... i love you, babe"
ham,HARD BUT TRUE: How much you show &  express your love to someone....that much it will hurt when they leave you or you get seperated...!éˆ¥”¾??ã€¨ud evening...
ham,Your bill at 3 is £33.65 so thats not bad!
ham,No no:)this is kallis home ground.amla home town is durban:)
ham,Rofl betta invest in some  anti aging products
spam,"1000's flirting NOW! Txt GIRL or BLOKE & ur NAME & AGE, eg GIRL ZOE 18 to 8007 to join and get chatting!"
ham,u come lt 25 n pass to me lar
ham,I'm wif him now buying tix lar...
ham,Yup he msg me: is tat yijue? Then i tot it's my group mate cos we meeting today mah... I'm askin if u leaving earlier or wat mah cos mayb u haf to walk v far...
spam,Your unique user ID is 1172. For removal send STOP to 87239 customer services 08708034412
ham,Yup. Thk of u oso boring wat.
ham,In da car park 
ham,"Its ok, if anybody asks abt me, u tel them..:-P"
ham,Eh ur laptop got no stock lei... He say mon muz come again to take a look c got a not...
ham,No calls..messages..missed calls
ham,I dont understand your message.
ham,Huh but i got lesson at 4 lei n i was thinkin of going to sch earlier n i tot of parkin at kent vale...  
ham,I tot u reach liao. He said t-shirt.
ham,Well i know Z will take care of me. So no worries.
ham,Then u go back urself lor...
ham,Are you planning to come chennai?
ham,"Hey sweet, I was wondering when you had a moment if you might come to me ? I want to send a file to someone but it won't go over yahoo for them because their connection sucks, remember when you set up that page for me to go to and download the format disc ? Could you tell me how to do that ? Or do you know some other way to download big files ? Because they can download stuff directly from the internet. Any help would be great, my prey ... *teasing kiss*"
ham,"Ooh, 4got, i'm gonna start belly dancing in moseley weds 6.30 if u want 2 join me, they have a cafe too. "
ham,Hmmm.but you should give it on one day..
ham,Good morning princess! How are you?
spam,YES! The only place in town to meet exciting adult singles is now in the UK. Txt CHAT to 86688 now! 150p/Msg.
ham,"Don't worry, * is easy once have ingredients!"
ham,Can you call me plz. Your number shows out of coveragd area. I have urgnt call in vasai & have to reach before 4'o clock so call me plz
ham,Dear how you. Are you ok?
spam,Guess who am I?This is the first time I created a web page WWW.ASJESUS.COM read all I wrote. I'm waiting for your opinions. I want to be your friend 1/1
ham,Gam gone after outstanding innings.
ham,"Hello baby, did you get back to your mom's ? Are you setting up the computer now ? Filling your belly ? How goes it loverboy ? I miss you already ... *sighs*"
ham,Haha... can... But i'm having dinner with my cousin...
ham,Sorry * was at the grocers.
spam,"Hello from Orange. For 1 month's free access to games, news and sport, plus 10 free texts and 20 photo messages, reply YES. Terms apply: www.orange.co.uk/ow"
ham,You are not bothering me but you have to trust my answers. Pls.
ham,BABE !!! I miiiiiiissssssssss you ! I need you !!! I crave you !!! :-( ... Geeee ... I'm so sad without you babe ... I love you ...
ham,Call me when u finish then i come n pick u.
ham,Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
ham,"Sorry, I can't help you on this."
ham,"So anyways, you can just go to your gym or whatever, my love *smiles* I hope your ok and having a good day babe ... I miss you so much already"
ham,Mind blastin.. No more Tsunamis will occur from now on.. Rajnikant stopped swimming in Indian Ocean..:-D
ham,"A gram usually runs like  # , a half eighth is smarter though and gets you almost a whole second gram for  #"
ham,"Ola would get back to you maybe not today but I ve told him you can be his direct link in the US in getting cars he bids for online, you arrange shipping and you get a cut. Or U????? For a partnership where U????? Invest money for shipping and he takes care of the rest!U??Wud b self reliant soon dnt worry"
spam,Bored housewives! Chat n date now! 0871750.77.11! BT-national rate 10p/min only from landlines!
spam,Want explicit SEX in 30 secs? Ring 02073162414 now! Costs 20p/min Gsex POBOX 2667 WC1N 3XX
ham,U guys never invite me anywhere :(
ham,Ok. There may be a free gym about.
ham,"Hmmm.... Mayb can try e shoppin area one, but forgot e name of hotel..."
ham,Go where n buy? Juz buy when we get there lar.
ham,"Hi this is yijue, can i meet u at 11 tmr?"
ham,Pls i wont belive god.not only jesus.
ham,Then anything special?
ham,Hey... Why dont we just go watch x men and have lunch... Haha 
spam,"FreeMsg Hey U, i just got 1 of these video/pic fones, reply WILD to this txt & ill send U my pics, hurry up Im so bored at work xxx (18 150p/rcvd STOP2stop)"
ham,"Alright omw, gotta change my order to a half8th"
ham,I tot u outside cos darren say u come shopping. Of course we nice wat. We jus went sim lim look at mp3 player.
ham,Uhhhhrmm isnt having tb test bad when youre sick
ham,Oh... Lk tt den we take e one tt ends at cine lor... Dun wan yogasana oso can... 
ham,Sorry i've not gone to that place. I.ll do so tomorrow. Really sorry.
ham,my ex-wife was not able to have kids. Do you want kids one day?
ham,Dhoni have luck to win some big title.so we will win:)
ham,"Okey doke. I'm at home, but not dressed cos laying around ill! Speak to you later bout times and stuff. "
ham,"Yo, I'm at my parents' gettin cash. Good news: we picked up a downstem"
spam,You won't believe it but it's true. It's Incredible Txts! Reply G now to learn truly amazing things that will blow your mind. From O2FWD only 18p/txt
spam,Free tones Hope you enjoyed your new content. text stop to 61610 to unsubscribe. help:08712400602450p Provided by tones2you.co.uk
ham,"Japanese Proverb: If one Can do it, U too Can do it, If none Can do it,U must do it Indian version: If one Can do it, LET HIM DO it.. If none Can do it,LEAVE it!! And finally Kerala version: If one can do it, Stop him doing it.. If none can do it, Make a strike against it ..."
ham,Die... Now i have e toot fringe again...
ham,"Short But Cute: Be a good person, but dont try to prove it.. .Gud noon...."
ham,Please sen :)my kind advice :-)please come here and try:-)
ham,Okay. I've seen it. So i should pick it on friday?
ham,"Not sure yet, still trying to get a hold of him"
ham,Thanks for loving me so. You rock
ham,Yep then is fine 7.30 or 8.30 for ice age.
spam,FreeMsg: Hey - I'm Buffy. 25 and love to satisfy men. Home alone feeling randy. Reply 2 C my PIX! QlynnBV Help08700621170150p a msg Send stop to stop txts
ham,Its sarcasm.. .nt scarcasim
spam,You have been specially selected to receive a 3000 award! Call 08712402050 BEFORE the lines close. Cost 10ppm. 16+. T&Cs apply. AG Promo
ham,What was she looking for?
ham,HOW ARE U? I HAVE MISSED U! I HAVENT BEEN UP 2 MUCH A BIT BORED WITH THE HOLIDAY WANT 2 GO BAK 2 COLLEGE! SAD ISNT IT?xx
ham,Oh ok.. Wat's ur email?
ham,"Wow that is really shocking and scary, cant imagine for a second. Def up for night out. Do u think there is somewhere i could crash for night, save on taxi?"
spam,URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a £800 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09050003091 from land line. Claim C52. Valid 12hrs only
ham,Ball is moving a lot.will spin in last :)so very difficult to bat:)
spam,For your chance to WIN a FREE Bluetooth Headset then simply reply back with ADP
ham,Stupid.its not possible
ham,says the  #  year old with a man and money. I'm down to my last  # . Still waiting for that check.
ham,I also thk too fast... Xy suggest one not me. U dun wan it's ok. Going 2 rain leh where got gd.
ham,I miss you so much I'm so desparate I have recorded the message you left for me the other day and listen to it just to hear the sound of your voice. I love you
ham,A bloo bloo bloo I'll miss the first bowl
ham,Wot about on wed nite I am 3 then but only til 9!
ham,"Not yet chikku..k, then wat abt tht guy did he stopped irritating or msging to u.."
ham,I need you to be in my strong arms...
ham,Your body is perfect!
ham,U GOIN OUT 2NITE?
spam,(Bank of Granite issues Strong-Buy) EXPLOSIVE PICK FOR OUR MEMBERS *****UP OVER 300% *********** Nasdaq Symbol CDGT That is a $5.00 per..
ham,", how's things? Just a quick question."
ham,I guess it is useless calling u 4 something important.
spam,FreeMsg>FAV XMAS TONES!Reply REAL
ham,Ok..
ham,That's necessarily respectful
ham,Nt yet chikku..simple habba..hw abt u?
ham,I enjoy watching and playing football and basketball. Anything outdoors. And you?
ham,I'm working technical support :)voice process.
spam,"Final Chance! Claim ur £150 worth of discount vouchers today! Text YES to 85023 now! SavaMob, member offers mobile! T Cs SavaMob POBOX84, M263UZ. £3.00 Subs 16"
ham,Oh dang! I didn't mean o send that to you! Lol!
ham,How abt making some of the pics bigger?
spam,"Congrats 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09063458130 now! videochat wid ur mates, play java games, Dload polypH music, noline rentl. bx420. ip4. 5we. 150p"
ham,Ok . . now i am in bus. . If i come soon i will come otherwise tomorrow
ham,"Come to mu, we're sorting out our narcotics situation"
ham,Horrible bf... I now v hungry...
spam,Congratulations ur awarded 500 of CD vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & Free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt MUSIC to 87066
spam,Dear Voucher Holder 2 claim your 1st class airport lounge passes when using Your holiday voucher call 08704439680. When booking quote 1st class x 2
ham,Understand. his loss is my gain :) so do you work? School?
ham,Ok... C ya...
ham,"Keep ur problems in ur heart, b'coz nobody will fight for u. Only u & u have to fight for ur self & win the battle. -VIVEKANAND- G 9t.. SD.."
ham,"Good stuff, will do."
ham,"Ugh y can't u just apologize, admit u were wrong and ask me to take u back?"
ham,All e best 4 ur driving tmr :-)
spam,"SIX chances to win CASH! From 100 to 20,000 pounds txt> CSH11 and send to 87575. Cost 150p/day, 6days, 16+ TsandCs apply Reply HL 4 info"
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later in meeting"
ham,WHITE FUDGE OREOS ARE IN STORES
ham,Guessin you ain't gonna be here before 9?
ham,You'll never believe this but i have actually got off at taunton. Wow
ham,"Geeeee ... Your internet is really bad today, eh ?"
ham,Lol yes. Our friendship is hanging on a thread cause u won't buy stuff.
ham,Great! How is the office today?
ham,For my family happiness..
ham,Have you bookedthe hut? And also your time off? How are you by the way?
ham,Yes..he is really great..bhaji told kallis best cricketer after sachin in world:).very tough to get out.
ham,If you were/are free i can give. Otherwise nalla adi entey nattil kittum
ham,Thanks for picking up the trash.
ham,"No, but I wasn't that surprised, so I went and spent the evening with that french guy I met in town here and we fooled around a bit but I didn't let him sleep with me"
spam,"Text82228>> Get more ringtones, logos and games from www.txt82228.com. Questions: info@txt82228.co.uk"
ham,"K, want us to come by now?"
spam,Welcome to UK-mobile-date this msg is FREE giving you free calling to 08719839835. Future mgs billed at 150p daily. To cancel send go stop to 89123
ham,yay! finally lol. i missed our cinema trip last week :-(
ham,If I die I want u to have all my stuffs.
spam,"Hi babe its Jordan, how r u? Im home from abroad and lonely, text me back if u wanna chat xxSP visionsms.com Text stop to stopCost 150p 08712400603"
ham,Staff of placement training in Amrita college.
ham,"MOON has come to color your dreams, STARS to make them musical and my SMS to give you warm and Peaceful Sleep. Good Night"
ham,"Nah, I'm a perpetual DD"
ham,Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
ham,Anyway holla at me whenever you're around because I need an excuse to go creep on people in sarasota
ham,Lol or I could just starve and lose a pound by the end of the day.
ham,You got called a tool?
spam,it to 80488. Your 500 free text messages are valid until 31 December 2005.
ham,Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
ham,What you doing?how are you?
ham,I forgot 2 ask u all smth.. There's a card on da present lei... How? u all want 2 write smth or sign on it?
spam,Call Germany for only 1 pence per minute! Call from a fixed line via access number 0844 861 85 85. No prepayment. Direct access! www.telediscount.co.uk
ham,Did u got that persons story
ham,Thank god they are in bed!
ham,"Sorry to trouble u again. Can buy 4d for my dad again? 1405, 1680, 1843. All 2 big 1 small, sat n sun. Thanx."
ham,A guy who gets used but is too dumb to realize it.
ham,HI BABE U R MOST LIKELY TO BE IN BED BUT IM SO SORRY ABOUT TONIGHT! I REALLY WANNA SEE U TOMORROW SO CALL ME AT 9. LOVE ME XXX
ham,Do u noe if ben is going?
ham,Awww dat is sweet! We can think of something to do he he! Have a nice time tonight ill probably txt u later cos im lonely :( xxx.
ham,"OH RITE. WELL IM WITH MY BEST MATE PETE, WHO I WENT OUT WITH 4 A WEEK+ NOW WERE 2GEVA AGAIN. ITS BEEN LONGER THAN A WEEK."
ham,Where in abj are you serving. Are you staying with dad or alone.
ham,Yun ah.now u wkg where?btw if u go nus sc. u wana specialise in wad?
ham,"I'm eatin now lor, but goin back to work soon... E mountain deer show huh... I watch b4 liao, very nice..."
spam,Congratulations ur awarded either £500 of CD gift vouchers & Free entry 2 our £100 weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
ham,Yeah he got in at 2 and was v apologetic. n had fallen out and she was actin like spoilt child and he got caught up in that. Till 2! But we won't go there! Not doing too badly cheers. You? 
ham,Good sleep is about rhythm. The person has to establish a rhythm that the body will learn and use. If you want to know more :-)
ham,Sorry da..today i wont come to play..i have driving clas..
ham,I'm reaching home in 5 min.
ham,How long does applebees take
ham,How do you plan to manage that
ham,"Yo, any way we could pick something up tonight?"
ham,No he didn't. Spring is coming early yay!
ham,Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
ham,I want to sent  # mesages today. Thats y. Sorry if i hurts
ham,Oi. Ami parchi na re. Kicchu kaaj korte iccha korche na. Phone ta tul na. Plz. Plz.
ham,", ,  and  picking them up from various points | going 2 yeovil | and they will do the motor project 4 3 hours | and then u take them home. || 12 2 5.30 max. || Very easy"
ham,Yeah if we do have to get a random dude we need to change our info sheets to PARTY  # /7 NEVER STUDY just to be safe
ham,Do you always celebrate NY's with your family ?
spam,"YOUR CHANCE TO BE ON A REALITY FANTASY SHOW call now = 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870 is a national = rate call"
ham,"Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  DECIMAL . #  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant."
ham,"Hello, yeah i've just got out of the bath and need to do my hair so i'll come up when i'm done, yeah?"
ham,Yup u not comin :-(
spam,"Thanks for your ringtone order, reference number X49.Your mobile will be charged 4.50. Should your tone not arrive please call customer services 09065989182"
ham,Misplaced your number and was sending texts to your old number. Wondering why i've not heard from you this year. All the best in your mcat. Got this number from my atlanta friends
ham,they released another Italian one today and it has a cosign option
ham,Just sing HU. I think its also important to find someone female that know the place well preferably a citizen that is also smart to help you navigate through. Even things like choosing a phone plan require guidance. When in doubt ask especially girls.
ham,Nope. Meanwhile she talk say make i greet you.
ham,So how many days since then?
ham,What Today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
spam,Someone U know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! Cant Guess who? CALL 09058091854 NOW all will be revealed. PO BOX385 M6 6WU
ham,That's one of the issues but california is okay. No snow so its manageable
ham,"Yeah that's what I thought, lemme know if anything's goin on later"
ham,That's y we haf to combine n c how lor...
ham,I meant middle left or right?
ham,"Yeah, where's your class at?"
ham,"I€˜ll leave around four, ok?"
spam,"Think ur smart ? Win £200 this week in our weekly quiz, text PLAY to 85222 now!T&Cs WinnersClub PO BOX 84, M26 3UZ. 16+. GBP1.50/week"
ham,"That means you got an A in epi, she.s fine. She.s here now."
ham,Idk. I'm sitting here in a stop and shop parking lot right now bawling my eyes out because i feel like i'm a failure in everything. Nobody wants me and now i feel like i'm failing you.
spam,YOU ARE CHOSEN TO RECEIVE A £350 AWARD! Pls call claim number 09066364311 to collect your award which you are selected to receive as a valued mobile customer.
spam,Get a FREE mobile video player FREE movie. To collect text GO to 89105. Its free! Extra films can be ordered t's and c's apply. 18 yrs only
spam,Free 1st week entry 2 TEXTPOD 4 a chance 2 win 40GB iPod or £250 cash every wk. Txt VPOD to 81303 Ts&Cs www.textpod.net custcare 08712405020.
ham,I am going to sao mu today. Will be done only at 12 
ham,Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.. GOODMORNING
ham,"Me, i dont know again oh"
ham,1's finish meeting call me.
ham,"And that's fine, I got enough bud to last most of the night at least"
ham,Once free call me sir. I am waiting for you.
spam,"Hungry gay guys feeling hungry and up 4 it, now. Call 08718730555 just 10p/min. To stop texts call 08712460324 (10p/min)"
ham,S.i'm watching it in live..
ham,I am in tirupur.  call you da.
ham,Whats the staff name who is taking class for us?
ham,Aaooooright are you at work?
spam,FreeMsg: Fancy a flirt? Reply DATE now & join the UKs fastest growing mobile dating service. Msgs rcvd just 25p to optout txt stop to 83021. Reply DATE now!
ham,Hey!!! I almost forgot ... Happy B-day babe ! I love ya!!
ham,Ok i go change also...
ham,Aiyar u so poor thing... I give u my support k... Jia you! I'll think of u...
ham,Mark works tomorrow. He gets out at 5. His work is by your house so he can meet u afterwards.
ham,Hey next sun 1030 there's a basic yoga course... at bugis... We can go for that... Pilates intro next sat.... Tell me what time you r free
ham,:-( that's not v romantic!
ham,Aiyar hard 2 type. U later free then tell me then i call n scold n tell u.
ham,Sindu got job in birla soft ..
ham,Not yet chikku..wat abt u?
spam,Collect your VALENTINE'S weekend to PARIS inc Flight & Hotel + £200 Prize guaranteed! Text: PARIS to No: 69101. www.rtf.sphosting.com
ham,"Customer place, i wil cal u sir."
ham,How come u got nothing to do?
ham,Oh yah... We never cancel leh... Haha 
ham,Oh you got many responsibilities.
ham,Are you ok. What happen to behave like this
ham,"Hey chief, can you give me a bell when you get this. Need to talk to you about this royal visit on the 1st june. "
ham,"Hello, hello, hi lou sorry it took so long 2 reply- I left mobile at friends in Lancaster, just got it bak Neway im sorry I couldn’t make ur b’day 2 hun!"
ham,I like you peoples very much:) but am very shy pa.
ham,"Well, i'm glad you didn't find it totally disagreeable ... Lol"
ham,Yup i thk so until e shop closes lor.
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
spam,25p 4 alfie Moon's Children in need song on ur mob. Tell ur m8s. Txt Tone charity to 8007 for Nokias or Poly charity for polys: zed 08701417012 profit 2 charity.
ham,"I am real, baby! I want to bring out your inner tigress..."
spam,You have won a guaranteed £200 award or even £1000 cashto claim UR award call free on 08000407165 (18+) 2 stop getstop on 88222 PHP
ham,I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham,Ok... But bag again..
ham,U meet other fren dun wan meet me ah... Muz b a guy rite...
ham,What does the dance river do?
ham,"We are at grandmas. Oh dear, u still ill? I felt terrible this morning but i think i am just hungover! Another night then. We leave on sat."
ham,Erutupalam thandiyachu
spam,HMV BONUS SPECIAL 500 pounds of genuine HMV vouchers to be won. Just answer 4 easy questions. Play Now! Send HMV to 86688 More info:www.100percent-real.com
ham,Asking do u knw them or nt? May be ur frnds or classmates?
ham,I'm not sure if its still available though
ham,No de.am seeing in online shop so that i asked.
ham,Why did I wake up on my own :(
ham,Hey... Very inconvenient for your sis a not huh?
ham,"Cool, want me to go to kappa or should I meet you outside mu"
ham,Love you aathi..love u lot..
ham,Waiting 4 my tv show 2 start lor... U leh still busy doing ur report?
ham,Really dun bluff me leh... U sleep early too. Nite...
ham,Going to take your babe out ?
ham,Ok...
ham,True lov n care wil nevr go unrecognized. though somone often makes mistakes when valuing it. but they will definitly undrstnd once when they start missing it.
ham,"Just sent you an email €“ to an address with incomm in it, is that right?"
ham,"Sorry that took so long, omw now"
ham,Aah bless! How's your arm?
ham,1 in cbe. 2 in chennai.
ham,Wah lucky man... Then can save money... Hee...
ham,Ok... Thanx... Gd nite 2 u too...
spam,New TEXTBUDDY Chat 2 horny guys in ur area 4 just 25p Free 2 receive Search postcode or at gaytextbuddy.com. TXT ONE name to 89693. 08715500022 rpl Stop 2 cnl
ham,Were somewhere on Fredericksburg
ham,The Xmas story is peace.. The Xmas msg is love.. The Xmas miracle is jesus.. Hav a blessed month ahead & wish U Merry Xmas...
ham,I walked an hour 2 c u! doesn’t that show I care y wont u believe im serious?
ham,Shall i get my pouch?
ham,"Sir, I need AXIS BANK account no and bank address."
ham,This is wishing you a great day. Moji told me about your offer and as always i was speechless. You offer so easily to go to great lengths on my behalf and its stunning. My exam is next friday. After that i will keep in touch more. Sorry.
ham,Ugh I don't wanna get out of bed. It's so warm.
ham,"True. It is passable. And if you get a high score and apply for phd, you get 5years of salary. So it makes life easier."
ham,Oh great. I.ll disturb him more so that we can talk.
ham,Don€˜t give a flying monkeys wot they think and I certainly don€˜t mind. Any friend of mine and all that!
ham,Wat so late still early mah. Or we juz go 4 dinner lor. Aiya i dunno...
ham,The world's most happiest frnds never have the same characters... Dey just have the best understanding of their differences...
spam,URGENT This is our 2nd attempt to contact U. Your £900 prize from YESTERDAY is still awaiting collection. To claim CALL NOW 09061702893
ham,Hey what how about your project. Started aha da.
ham,Been up to ne thing interesting. Did you have a good birthday? When are u wrking nxt? I started uni today.
ham,I keep seeing weird stuff and bein all woah then realising it's actually reasonable and I'm all oh
ham,I thk 530 lor. But dunno can get tickets a not. Wat u doing now?
ham,Yep. I do like the pink furniture tho.
ham,Buy one egg for me da..please:)
ham,Ok enjoy . R u there in home.
ham,"Sorry man, accidentally left my phone on silent last night and didn't check it til I got up"
ham,Great. I was getting worried about you. Just know that a wonderful and caring person like you will have only the best in life. Know that u r wonderful and God's love is yours.
ham,"wow. You're right! I didn't mean to do that. I guess once i gave up on boston men and changed my search location to nyc, something changed. Cuz on my signin page it still says boston."
ham,Oh wow thats gay. Will firmware update help
ham,"Men always needs a beautiful, intelligent, caring, loving, adjustable, cooperative wife. But the law allows only one wife...."
spam,Double Mins & Double Txt & 1/2 price Linerental on Latest Orange Bluetooth mobiles. Call MobileUpd8 for the very latest offers. 08000839402 or call2optout/LF56
ham,Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
ham,They r giving a second chance to rahul dengra.
ham,"Can meh? Thgt some will clash... Really ah, i dun mind... I dun seen to have lost any weight... Gee..."
ham,Any chance you might have had with me evaporated as soon as you violated my privacy by stealing my phone number from your employer's paperwork. Not cool at all. Please do not contact me again or I will report you to your supervisor.
ham,R u meeting da ge at nite tmr?
ham,"Yeah, give me a call if you've got a minute"
ham,Just buy a pizza. Meat lovers or supreme. U get to pick.
ham,"She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife,"
ham,Call me when you get the chance plz 3
ham,Update your face book status frequently :)
ham,Hey loverboy! I love you !! I had to tell ... I look at your picture and ache to feel you between my legs ... I want you ... I need you ... I crave you .
ham,"Haha figures, well I found the piece and priscilla's bowl"
ham,Joy's father is John. Then John is the ____ of Joy's father. If u ans ths you hav  #  IQ. Tis s IAS question try to answer.
ham,If u dun drive then how i go 2 sch.
ham,Lmao!nice 1
ham,May b approve panalam...but it should have more posts..
ham,"Love isn't a decision, it's a feeling. If we could decide who to love, then, life would be much simpler, but then less magical"
spam,Knock Knock Txt whose there to 80082 to enter r weekly draw 4 a £250 gift voucher 4 a store of yr choice. T&Cs www.tkls.com age16 to stoptxtstop£1.50/week
ham,"Tell you what, if you make a little spreadsheet and track whose idea it was to smoke to determine who smokes too much for the entire month of february, I'll come up"
spam,You are being ripped off! Get your mobile content from www.clubmoby.com call 08717509990 poly/true/Pix/Ringtones/Games six downloads for only 3
ham,The message sent is askin for  # dollars. Shoul i pay  #  or  # ?
ham,Ok u can take me shopping when u get paid =D
ham,"I hope your alright babe? I worry that you might have felt a bit desparate when you learned the job was a fake ? I am here waiting when you come back, my love"
ham,Ok. No wahala. Just remember that a friend in need ...
ham,She just broke down a list of reasons why nobody's in town and I can't tell if she's being sarcastic or just faggy
ham,"Nothing much, chillin at home. Any super bowl plan?"
ham,I've reached already.
ham,O i played smash bros  #  religiously.
ham,Ee msg na poortiyagi odalebeku: Hanumanji 7 name 1-Hanuman 2-Bajarangabali 3-Maruti 4-Pavanaputra 5-Sankatmochan 6-Ramaduth 7-Mahaveer ee 7 name  #  janarige ivatte kalisidare next saturday olage ondu good news keluviri...! Maretare inde 1 dodda problum nalli siguviri idu matra  # % true.. Don't neglet.
ham,"Yo, you at jp and hungry like a mofo?"
ham,What r u cooking me for dinner?
ham,New car and house for my parents.:)i have only new job in hand:)
ham,Hope you are not scared!
ham,Gud ni8.swt drms.take care
spam,Hi. Customer Loyalty Offer:The NEW Nokia6650 Mobile from ONLY £10 at TXTAUCTION! Txt word: START to No: 81151 & get yours Now! 4T&Ctxt TC 150p/MTmsg
ham,"Usf I guess, might as well take 1 car"
ham,I probably won't eat at all today. I think I'm gonna pop. How was your weekend? Did u miss me?
ham,We have all rounder:)so not required:)
spam,We tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of 750 mins 150 textand a new video phone call 08002988890 now or reply for free delivery tomorrow
ham,I dont want to hear philosophy. Just say what happen
ham,Would me smoking you out help us work through this difficult time
ham,You still at grand prix?
ham,Hi Princess! Thank you for the pics. You are very pretty. How are you?
ham,NOT ENUFCREDEIT TOCALL.SHALL ILEAVE UNI AT 6 +GET A BUS TO YOR HOUSE?
ham,Love that holiday Monday feeling even if I have to go to the dentists in an hour
ham,The evo. I just had to download flash. Jealous?
ham,How much did ur hdd casing cost.
ham,PISS IS TALKING IS SOMEONE THAT REALISE U THAT POINT THIS AT IS IT.(NOW READ IT BACKWARDS)
ham,"Okey dokey, i€˜ll be over in a bit just sorting some stuff out."
spam,"Bored of speed dating? Try SPEEDCHAT, txt SPEEDCHAT to 80155, if you don't like em txt SWAP and get a new chatter! Chat80155 POBox36504W45WQ 150p/msg rcd 16"
ham,K..k.:)congratulation ..
ham,What you need. You have a person to give na.
ham,Yes i will be there. Glad you made it.
ham,U WILL SWITCH YOUR FONE ON DAMMIT!!
ham,"Well imma definitely need to restock before thanksgiving, I'll let you know when I'm out"
ham,Alrite jod hows the revision goin? Keris bin doin a smidgin. N e way u wanna cum over after college?xx
ham,Goodmorning today i am late for  DECIMAL min.
ham,Those idiots. If it makes you feel better ipads are worthless garbage novelty items and you should feel bad for even wanting one
ham,Convey my regards to him
spam,we tried to contact you re your response to our offer of a new nokia fone and camcorder hit reply or call 08000930705 for delivery
ham,Left dessert. U wan me 2 go suntec look 4 u?
ham,I did. One slice and one breadstick. Lol
ham,"Its Ur luck to Love someone. Its Ur fortune to Love the one who Loves U. But, its a miracle to Love a person who can't Love anyone except U... Gud nyt..."
ham,Pick you up bout 7.30ish? What time are  and that going?
ham,Not directly behind... Abt 4 rows behind u...
ham,University of southern california.
ham,I will vote for wherever my heart guides me
ham,Pls speak with me. I wont ask anything other then you friendship.
ham,I got to video tape pple type in message lor. U so free wan 2 help me? Hee... Cos i noe u wan 2 watch infernal affairs so ask u along. Asking shuhui oso.
ham,I actually did for the first time in a while. I went to bed not too long after i spoke with you. Woke up at 7. How was your night?
ham,"Can you tell Shola to please go to college of medicine and visit the academic department, tell the academic secretary what the current situation is and ask if she can transfer there. She should ask someone to check Sagamu for the same thing and lautech. Its vital she completes her medical education in Nigeria. Its less expensive much less expensive. Unless she will be getting citizen rates in new zealand."
ham,Hey mr  and I are going to the sea view and having a couple of gays I mean games! Give me a bell when ya finish 
ham,"Aight, let me know when you're gonna be around usf"
ham,Omg it could snow here tonite!
ham,Okie but i scared u say i fat... Then u dun wan me already...
ham,I wanted to wish you a Happy New Year and I wanted to talk to you about some legal advice to do with when Gary and I split but in person. I'll make a trip to Ptbo for that. I hope everything is good with you babe and I love ya :)
ham,I wish! I don't think its gonna snow that much. But it will be more than those flurries we usually get that melt before they hit the ground. Eek! We haven't had snow since # before I was even born!
ham,u comin to fetch us oredi...
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Hey.. Something came up last min.. Think i wun be signing up tmr.. Hee
ham,I am great princess! What are you thinking about me? :)
ham,HI DARLIN IVE JUST GOT BACK AND I HAD A REALLY NICE NIGHT AND THANKS SO MUCH FOR THE LIFT SEE U TOMORROW XXX
ham,Good night. Am going to sleep.
ham,"TODAY is Sorry day.! If ever i was angry with you, if ever i misbehaved or hurt you? plz plz JUST SLAP URSELF Bcoz, Its ur fault, I'm basically GOOD"
ham,Wat time u finish ur lect today?
ham,Yup but it's not giving me problems now so mayb i'll jus leave it...
spam,Reply to win £100 weekly! What professional sport does Tiger Woods play? Send STOP to 87239 to end service
ham,"Hey, can you tell me blake's address? Carlos wanted me to meet him there but I got lost and he's not answering his phone"
ham,I'm thinking that chennai forgot to come for auction..
ham,God's love has no limit. God's grace has no measure. God's power has no boundaries. May u have God's endless blessings always in ur life...!! Gud ni8
ham,Have you not finished work yet or something?
ham,U sleeping now.. Or you going to take? Haha.. I got spys wat.. Me online checking n replying mails lor..
ham,First has she gained more than  # kg since she took in. Second has she done the blood sugar tests. If she has and its ok and her blood pressure is within normal limits then no worries
ham,Its not that time of the month nor mid of the time?
ham,Then. You are eldest know.
spam,"Congratulations - Thanks to a good friend U have WON the £2,000 Xmas prize. 2 claim is easy, just call 08712103738 NOW! Only 10p per minute. BT-national-rate"
spam,Save money on wedding lingerie at www.bridal.petticoatdreams.co.uk Choose from a superb selection with national delivery. Brought to you by WeddingFriend
ham,No but the bluray player can
ham,Eh den sat u book e kb liao huh...
spam,"Congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! C Suprman V, Matrix3, StarWars3, etc all 4 FREE! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. Dont miss out! "
ham,Ok I'm gonna head up to usf in like fifteen minutes
ham,Oh k. . I will come tomorrow
spam,Get your garden ready for summer with a FREE selection of summer bulbs and seeds worth £33:50 only with The Scotsman this Saturday. To stop go2 notxt.co.uk
ham,"HEY THERE BABE, HOW U DOIN? WOT U UP 2 2NITE LOVE ANNIE X."
ham,I have no money 4 steve mate! !
ham,Want to finally have lunch today?
ham,I'll reach in ard 20 mins ok...
ham,Howz that persons story
ham,"Sez, hows u & de arab boy? Hope u r all good give my love 2 evry1 love ya eshxxxxxxxxxxx"
ham,Hello. They are going to the village pub at 8 so either come here or there accordingly. Ok?
ham,Am going to take bath ill place the key in window:-)
ham,Good morning pookie pie! Lol hope I didn't wake u up
ham,I want to sent  # mesages today. Thats y. Sorry if i hurts
ham,"When people see my msgs, They think Iam addicted to msging... They are wrong, Bcoz They don\'t know that Iam addicted to my sweet Friends..!! BSLVYL"
ham,That's y i said it's bad dat all e gals know u... Wat u doing now?
ham,Still work going on:)it is very small house.
ham,Nope i'll come online now..
spam,You'll not rcv any more msgs from the chat svc. For FREE Hardcore services text GO to: 69988 If u get nothing u must Age Verify with yr network & try again
ham,Message:some text missing* Sender:Name Missing* *Number Missing *Sent:Date missing *Missing U a lot thats y everything is missing sent via fullonsms.com
ham,Hi.:)technical support.providing assistance to us customer through call and email:)
ham,Then what about further plan?
spam,FROM 88066 LOST £12 HELP
ham,Tell them u have a headache and just want to use 1 hour of sick time.
ham,u log off 4 wat. It's sdryb8i
ham,Tmr timin still da same wat cos i got lesson until 6...
ham,Yar else i'll thk of all sorts of funny things.
ham,From here after The performance award is calculated every two month.not for current one month period..
ham,Yes:)here tv is always available in work place..
ham,Umma my life and vava umma love you lot dear
ham,"You aren't coming home between class, right? I need to work out and shower!"
ham,Ok i also wan 2 watch e 9 pm show...
ham,Check audrey's status right now
ham,No i am not having not any movies in my laptop
ham,Argh why is nobody in town ;_;
ham,Dunno lei u all decide lor. How abt leona? Oops i tot ben is going n i msg him.
ham,"I know where the  #  is, I'll be there around 5"
ham,I will see in half an hour
ham,Dear i have reache room
ham,Den wat will e schedule b lk on sun?
ham,Sounds better than my evening im just doing my costume. Im not sure what time i finish tomorrow but i will txt you at the end.
spam,87077: Kick off a new season with 2wks FREE goals & news to ur mobile! Txt ur club name to 87077 eg VILLA to 87077
spam,Talk sexy!! Make new friends or fall in love in the worlds most discreet text dating service. Just text VIP to 83110 and see who you could meet.
spam,<Forwarded from 88877>FREE entry into our £250 weekly comp just send the word ENTER to 88877 NOW. 18 T&C www.textcomp.com
ham,Msg me when rajini comes.
spam,"Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?"
spam,22 days to kick off! For Euro2004 U will be kept up to date with the latest news and results daily. To be removed send GET TXT STOP to 83222
ham,Hi. I'm sorry i missed your call. Can you pls call back.
ham,Hmm...Bad news...Hype park plaza $700 studio taken...Only left 2 bedrm-$900...
ham,"He has lots of used ones babe, but the model doesn't help. Youi have to bring it over and he'll match it up"
ham,"Pete,is this your phone still? Its Jenny from college and Leanne.what are you up to now?:)"
spam,"Congrats! 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09061744553 now! videochat wid ur mates, play java games, Dload polyH music, noline rentl. bx420. ip4. 5we. 150pm"
ham,I'm home...
spam,"Hack Chat. Get backdoor entry into 121 chat rooms at a fraction of the cost. Reply NEO69 or call 09050280520, to subscribe 25p pm. DPS, Bcm box 8027 Ldn, wc1n3xx"
ham,I dunno lei... Like dun haf...
ham,"You might want to pull out more just in case and just plan on not spending it if you can, I don't have much confidence in derek and taylor's money management"
ham,"Come to me right now, Ahmad"
ham,Have a nice day my dear.
ham,"K, my roommate also wants a dubsack and another friend may also want some so plan on bringing extra, I'll tell you when they know for sure"
spam,"XXXMobileMovieClub: To use your credit, click the WAP link in the next txt message or click here>> http://wap. xxxmobilemovieclub.com?n=QJKGIGHJJGCBL"
ham,I gotta collect da car at 6 lei.
spam,Please call our customer service representative on FREEPHONE 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
ham,"Hey ! I want you ! I crave you ! I miss you ! I need you ! I love you, Ahmad Saeed al Hallaq ..."
ham,Sorry da thangam.it's my mistake.
ham,"Den only weekdays got special price... Haiz... Cant eat liao... Cut nails oso muz wait until i finish drivin wat, lunch still muz eat wat... "
ham,Ma head dey swell oh. Thanks for making my day
ham,Just come home. I don't want u to be miserable
ham,True dear..i sat to pray evening and felt so.so i sms'd you in some time...
ham,Thats cool. How was your day?
ham,Mm i am on the way to railway
ham,Hi da:)how is the todays class?
ham,Amazing : If you rearrange these letters it gives the same meaning... Dormitory = Dirty room Astronomer = Moon starer The eyes = They see Election results = Lies lets recount Mother-in-law = Woman Hitler Eleven plus two =Twelve plus one Its Amazing... !:-)
ham,If You mean the website. Yes.
ham,I'm at home. Please call
ham,Just seeing your missed call my dear brother. Do have a gr8 day.
ham,Hmmm.still we dont have opener?
ham,"Oops I did have it,  # ?"
ham,"Actually nvm, got hella cash, we still on for  # ish?"
ham,Try neva mate!!
ham,We can make a baby in yo tho
spam,"Get 3 Lions England tone, reply lionm 4 mono or lionp 4 poly. 4 more go 2 www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. Tones 3GBP network operator rates apply"
ham,Bring tat cd don forget
ham,", im .. On the snowboarding trip. I was wondering if your planning to get everyone together befor we go..a meet and greet kind of affair? Cheers, "
ham,I jus reached home. I go bathe first. But my sis using net tell u when she finishes k...
ham,"Good afternoon, my love ! Any job prospects ? Are you missing me ? What do you do ? Are you being lazy and bleak, hmmm ? Or happy and filled with my love ?"
ham,It certainly puts things into perspective when something like this happens
ham,Wat time u finish?
ham,"They said if its gonna snow, it will start around 8 or 9 pm tonite! They are predicting an inch of accumulation."
ham,U attend ur driving lesson how many times a wk n which day?
ham,Ok lor. Msg me b4 u call.
ham,HI ITS KATE CAN U GIVE ME A RING ASAP XXX
spam,"Double mins and txts 4 6months FREE Bluetooth on Orange. Available on Sony, Nokia Motorola phones. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/N9DX"
ham,If you ask her or she say any please message.
ham,She told to hr that he want posting in chennai:)because i'm working here:)
ham,Sorry . I will be able to get to you. See you in the morning.
ham,But i juz remembered i gotta bathe my dog today..
ham,If I was I wasn't paying attention
ham,Great. So should i send you my account number.
ham,I anything lor.
ham,I'm coming back on Thursday. Yay. Is it gonna be ok to get the money. Cheers. Oh yeah and how are you. Everything alright. Hows school. Or do you call it work now
ham,Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
ham,I'm in inside office..still filling forms.don know when they leave me.
ham,O was not into fps then.
ham,I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
ham,We got a divorce. Lol. She.s here
ham,He says hi and to get back to south tampa (preferably at a kegger)
ham,I've been barred from all B and Q stores for life!?This twat in orange dungerees came up to me and asked if I wanted decking? So I got the first punch in!!
ham,Ok... Then r we meeting later?
ham,Ok lor...
ham,Great. Never been better. Each day gives even more reasons to thank God
ham,I'm good. Have you registered to vote?
ham,Yeah confirmed for you staying at  that weekend
spam,Urgent! Please call 09061743810 from landline. Your ABTA complimentary 4* Tenerife Holiday or #5000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs Box 326 CW25WX 150 ppm
ham,Genius what's up. How your brother. Pls send his number to my skype.
ham,"K will do, addie & I are doing some art so I'll be here when you get home"
ham,"I av a new number,  . Wil u only use this one,ta."
ham,Ranjith cal drpd Deeraj and deepak 5min hold
ham,Okay... We wait ah
ham,So lets make it saturday or monday as per convenience.
ham,Kallis wont bat in 2nd innings.
ham,It's ok i noe u're busy but i'm really too bored so i msg u. I oso dunno wat colour she choose 4 me one.
spam,"LookAtMe!: Thanks for your purchase of a video clip from LookAtMe!, you've been charged 35p. Think you can do better? Why not send a video in a MMSto 32323."
ham,You've always been the brainy one.
ham,Ok both our days. So what are you making for dinner tonite? Am I invited?
spam,Dear U've been invited to XCHAT. This is our final attempt to contact u! Txt CHAT to 86688 150p/MsgrcvdHG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN 18 yrs
ham,If he started searching he will get job in few days.he have great potential and talent.
ham,Honey boo I'm missing u.
ham,"Plz note: if anyone calling from a mobile Co. & asks u to type # #  or # # . Do not do so. Disconnect the call,coz it iz an attempt of 'terrorist' to make use of the sim card no. Itz confirmd by nokia n motorola n has been verified by CNN IBN."
ham,No need to say anything to me. I know i am an outsider
spam,"Fantasy Football is back on your TV. Go to Sky Gamestar on Sky Active and play £250k Dream Team. Scoring starts on Saturday, so register now!SKY OPT OUT to 88088"
ham,Cold. Dont be sad dear
ham,Ok no problem... Yup i'm going to sch at 4 if i rem correctly...
ham,No..he joined today itself.
ham,"The table's occupied, I'm waiting by the tree"
spam,Todays Voda numbers ending with 7634 are selected to receive a £350 reward. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 7684 standard rates apply.
ham,Is there any movie theatre i can go to and watch unlimited movies and just pay once?
spam,"Customer service announcement. We recently tried to make a delivery to you but were unable to do so, please call 07099833605 to re-schedule. Ref:9280114"
ham,Aiyar dun disturb u liao... Thk u have lots 2 do aft ur cupboard come...
spam,"SMS SERVICES. for your inclusive text credits, pls goto www.comuk.net login= 3qxj9 unsubscribe with STOP, no extra charge. help 08702840625.COMUK. 220-CM2 9AE"
ham,If you're not in my car in an hour and a half I'm going crazy
ham,Mm umma ask vava also to come tell him can play later together
ham,There generally isn't one. It's an uncountable noun - u in the dictionary. pieces of research?
spam,"HOT LIVE FANTASIES call now 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870..k"
ham,I not at home now lei...
ham,So how's scotland. Hope you are not over showing your JJC tendencies. Take care. Live the dream
ham,Yo you around? A friend of mine's lookin to pick up later tonight
ham,I'm aight. Wat's happening on your side.
spam,SMS. ac Sptv: The New Jersey Devils and the Detroit Red Wings play Ice Hockey. Correct or Incorrect? End? Reply END SPTV
ham,"I'm taking derek & taylor to walmart, if I'm not back by the time you're done just leave the mouse on my desk and I'll text you when priscilla's ready"
ham,Okay name ur price as long as its legal! Wen can I pick them up? Y u ave x ams xx
ham,Kallis is ready for bat in 2nd innings
ham,"I'll get there at 3, unless you guys want me to come some time sooner"
ham,Shall i come to get pickle
ham,Carry on not disturbing both of you
ham,Hi dis is yijue i would be happy to work wif u all for gek1510...
ham,I need... Coz i never go before 
spam,"SMS. ac Blind Date 4U!: Rodds1 is 21/m from Aberdeen, United Kingdom. Check Him out http://img. sms. ac/W/icmb3cktz8r7!-4 no Blind Dates send HIDE"
ham,Was gr8 to see that message. So when r u leaving? Congrats dear. What school and wat r ur plans.
ham,I have no idea where you are
ham,Hello which the site to download songs its urgent pls
ham,U studying in sch or going home? Anyway i'll b going 2 sch later.
ham,Thank you. I like you as well...
ham,K..then come wenever u lik to come and also tel vikky to come by getting free time..:-)
ham,Hey are we going for the lo lesson or gym? 
ham,How much i gave to you. Morning.
ham,"Fun fact: although you would think armand would eventually build up a tolerance or something considering how much he smokes, he gets messed up in like 2 hits"
ham,No. I.ll meet you in the library
ham,Ok i juz receive..
spam,Camera - You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. Delivery within 28 days.
ham,I want to send something that can sell fast.  # k is not easy money.
ham,Dear where you. Call me
spam,"Free-message: Jamster!Get the crazy frog sound now! For poly text MAD1, for real text MAD2 to 88888. 6 crazy sounds for just 3 GBP/week! 16+only! T&C's apply"
ham,Oh ok..
ham,Dont flatter yourself... Tell that man of mine two pints of carlin in ten minutes please.... 
ham,cool. We will have fun practicing making babies!
ham,Lol they don't know about my awesome phone. I could click delete right now if I want.
ham,Also are you bringing galileo or dobby
ham,And miss vday the parachute and double coins??? U must not know me very well...
ham,Just chill for another 6hrs. If you could sleep the pain is not a surgical emergency so see how it unfolds. Okay
ham,Lol I would but my mom would have a fit and tell the whole family how crazy and terrible I am
ham,Prepare to be pleasured :)
ham,Ok... Ur typical reply...
ham,Haf u found him? I feel so stupid da v cam was working.
ham,As in i want custom officer discount oh.
ham,You know there is. I shall speak to you in  #  minutes then
ham,"Babe, I need your advice"
ham,Wat uniform? In where get?
ham,Check wid corect speling i.e. Sarcasm
ham,"Yeah, that's fine! It's £6 to get in, is that ok? "
ham,My uncles in Atlanta. Wish you guys a great semester.
ham,We'll you pay over like  # yrs so its not too difficult
ham,Dont put your phone on silent mode ok
ham,"Cool, I'll text you when I'm on the way"
ham,Nothing but we jus tot u would ask cos u ba gua... But we went mt faber yest... Yest jus went out already mah so today not going out... Jus call lor...
ham,S s..first time..dhoni rocks...
ham,Send me your resume:-)
ham,How are you doing? Hope you've settled in for the new school year. Just wishin you a gr8 day
ham,Hi mom we might be back later than  # 
ham,Ok thanx... Take care then...
ham,"Just wondering, the others just took off"
ham,Near kalainar tv office.thenampet
ham,I would but I'm still cozy. And exhausted from last night.nobody went to school or work. Everything is closed.
ham,Do 1 thing! Change that sentence into: Because i want 2 concentrate in my educational career im leaving here..
ham,Oh god. I'm gonna Google nearby cliffs now.
ham,"Well, i'm gonna finish my bath now. Have a good...fine night."
ham,I can’t wait for cornwall. Hope tonight isn’t too bad as well but it’s rock night. Anyway i’m going for a kip now have a good night. Speak to you soon.
spam,FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt NOKIA to 8007 Get txting and tell ur mates www.getzed.co.uk POBox 36504 W45WQ norm150p/tone 16+
spam,lyricalladie(21/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-910 or NO-910. See her: www.SMS.ac/u/hmmross STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
ham,Pls what's the full name of joke's school cos fees in university of florida seem to actually be  # k. Pls holla back
ham,"#  is fast approaching. So, Wish u a very Happy New Year Happy Sankranti Happy republic day Happy Valentines Day Happy Shivratri Happy Ugadi Happy Fools day Happy May Day Happy Independence Day, Happy Friendship,Mother,Father,Teachers,Childrens Day, & HAPPY BIRTHDAY 4 U. Happy Ganesh festival Happy Dasara Happy Diwali Happy Christmas  #  Good Mornings Afternoons, Evenings Nights. RememberI AM the first to WISHING U ALL THESE...your's Raj"
spam,You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive £1000 or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810910p/min (18+) 
ham,I just made some payments so dont have that much. Sorry. Would you want it fedex or the other way.
ham,"Honey ? Sweetheart ? Darling ? Sexy buns ? Sugar plum ? Loverboy ? I miss you, boytoy ... *smacks you* Did you go to the gym too ?"
ham,You still coming tonight?
ham,Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
ham,But pls dont play in others life.
ham,"I'm an actor. When i work, i work in the evening and sleep late. Since i'm unemployed at the moment, i ALWAYS sleep late. When you're unemployed, every day is saturday."
ham,Its worse if if uses half way then stops. Its better for him to complete it.
ham,Rofl. Its true to its name
spam,Get ur 1st RINGTONE FREE NOW! Reply to this msg with TONE. Gr8 TOP 20 tones to your phone every week just £1.50 per wk 2 opt out send STOP 08452810071 16
ham,K tell me anything about you.
ham,Just checking in on you. Really do miss seeing Jeremiah. Do have a great month
ham,"Thanks, I'll keep that in mind"
ham,Not yet had..ya sapna aunty manege y'day hogidhe..chinnu full weak and swalpa black agidhane..
spam,This message is free. Welcome to the new & improved Sex & Dogging club! To unsubscribe from this service reply STOP. msgs@150p 18 only
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,This is hoping you enjoyed your game yesterday. Sorry i've not been in touch but pls know that you are fondly bein thot off. Have a great week. Abiola
spam,Loans for any purpose even if you have Bad Credit! Tenants Welcome. Call NoWorriesLoans.com on 08717111821
ham,Dai  #  naal eruku.
ham,"Thanx. Yup we coming back on sun. Finish dinner going back 2 hotel now. Time flies, we're tog 4 exactly a mth today. Hope we'll haf many more mths to come..."
ham,You know what hook up means right?
ham,I was wondering if it would be okay for you to call uncle john and let him know that things are not the same in nigeria as they r here. That  #  dollars is 2years sent and that you know its a strain but i plan to pay back every dime he gives. Every dime so for me to expect anything from you is not practical. Something like that.
ham,"Urgh, coach hot, smells of chip fat! Thanks again, especially for the duvet (not a predictive text word)."
ham,Networking job is there.
ham,Do u hav any frnd by name ashwini in ur college?
ham,Call me when u're done...
ham,No problem. We will be spending a lot of quality time together...
ham,All sounds good. Fingers . Makes it difficult to type
ham,"Good morning, my Love ... I go to sleep now and wish you a great day full of feeling better and opportunity ... You are my last thought babe, I LOVE YOU *kiss*"
ham,Have your lunch and come quickly and open the door:)
ham,excellent. I spent  #  years in the Air Force. Iraq and afghanistan. I am stable and honest. do you like traveling?
spam,"FreeMsg Why haven't you replied to my text? I'm Randy, sexy, female and live local. Luv to hear from u. Netcollex Ltd 08700621170150p per msg reply Stop to end"
ham,I'll pick you up at about 5.15pm to go to taunton if you still want to come.
ham,The battery is for mr adewale my uncle. Aka Egbon
spam,RCT' THNQ Adrian for U text. Rgds Vatian
ham,I know a few people I can hit up
ham,Yes princess! I want to please you every night. Your wish is my command...
ham,"Yo, you gonna still be in stock tomorrow/today? I'm trying to get a dubsack"
ham,By monday next week. Give me the full gist
ham,I'm in chennai velachery:)
ham,aathi..where are you dear..
ham,You getting back any time soon?
ham,u collecting ur laptop then going to configure da settings izzit?
ham,* Will have two more cartons off u and is very pleased with shelves
ham,Come to my home for one last time i wont do anything. Trust me.
ham,Heart is empty without love.. Mind is empty without wisdom.. Eyes r empty without dreams & Life is empty without frnds.. So Alwys Be In Touch. Good night & sweet dreams
ham,Are you angry with me. What happen dear
ham,Am in gobi arts college
ham,I'm still looking for a car to buy. And have not gone 4the driving test yet.
ham,"Doing nothing, then u not having dinner w us?"
ham,Am I the only one who doesn't stalk profiles?
ham,How's it feel? Mr. Your not my real Valentine just my yo Valentine even tho u hardly play!!
ham,"I shall book chez jules for half eight, if that's ok with you?"
spam,Sorry I missed your call let's talk when you have the time. I'm on 07090201529
ham,Great to hear you are settling well. So what's happenin wit ola?
ham,K:)eng rocking in ashes:)
spam,Wanna get laid 2nite? Want real Dogging locations sent direct to ur mobile? Join the UK's largest Dogging Network. Txt PARK to 69696 now! Nyt. ec2a. 3lp £1.50/msg
ham,I have 2 docs appointments next week.:/ I'm tired of them shoving stuff up me. Ugh why couldn't I have had a normal body?
ham,S but not able to sleep.
ham,I am in hospital da. . I will return home in evening
ham,It's justbeen overa week since we broke up and already our brains are going to mush!
ham,"Gud gud..k, chikku tke care.. sleep well gud nyt"
ham,You're right I have now that I think about it
ham,How are you. Wish you a great semester
ham,"Piggy, r u awake? I bet u're still sleeping. I'm going 4 lunch now..."
ham,I doubt you could handle 5 times per night in any case...
ham,Lil fever:) now fine:)
spam,PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08719899230 Identifier Code: 41685 Expires 07/11/04
spam,This message is brought to you by GMW Ltd. and is not connected to the
ham,"Text me when you get off, don't call, my phones having problems"
ham,Omg I want to scream. I weighed myself and I lost more weight! Woohoo!
ham,You give us back my id proof and  #  rs. We wont allow you to work. We will come to your home within days
ham,Can you do a mag meeting this avo at some point?
ham,I jokin oni lar.. u busy then i wun disturb u.
ham,Ok.
ham,No wonder... Cos i dun rem seeing a silver car... But i thk i saw a black one...
ham,"Dizzamn, aight I'll ask my suitemates when I get back"
ham,Huh but i cant go 2 ur house empty handed right?
ham,Sorry completely forgot * will pop em round this week if your still here?
ham,I'll text you when I drop x off
ham,"Plz note: if anyone calling from a mobile Co. & asks u to type # #  or # # . Do not do so. Disconnect the call,coz it iz an attempt of 'terrorist' to make use of the sim card no. Itz confirmd by nokia n motorola n has been verified by CNN IBN."
ham,How much would it cost to hire a hitman
ham,"I love you !!! You know? Can you feel it? Does it make your belly warm? I wish it does, my love ... I shall meet you in your dreams, Ahmad ... *adoring kiss*"
ham,"Hey. What happened? U switch off ur cell d whole day. This isnt good. Now if u do care, give me a call tomorrow."
ham,"I know dat feelin had it with Pete! Wuld get with em , nuther place nuther time mayb?"
ham,Taka lor. Wat time u wan 2 come n look 4 us?
ham,When u love someone Dont make them to love u as much as u do. But Love them so much that they dont want to be loved by anyone except you... Gud nit.
ham,K...k...yesterday i was in cbe .
ham,If india win or level series means this is record:)
ham,"Evening * v good if somewhat event laden. Will fill you in, don't you worry ... Head * ok but throat * wrecked. See you at six then!"
ham,#  am I think? Should say on syllabus
ham,Hmm...my uncle just informed me that he's paying the school directly. So pls buy food.
ham,How much for an eighth?
ham,Wake me up at  #  am morning:)
spam,"SMSSERVICES. for yourinclusive text credits, pls goto www.comuk.net login= 3qxj9 unsubscribe with STOP, no extra charge. help 08702840625.COMUK. 220-CM2 9AE"
ham,We're done...
ham,Can come my room but cannot come my house cos my house still messy... Haha...
ham,Mmmm.... I cant wait to lick it!
ham,K then 2marrow are you coming to class.
ham,Sent me ur email id soon
spam,From next month get upto 50% More Calls 4 Ur standard network charge 2 activate Call 9061100010 C Wire3.net 1st4Terms PoBox84 M26 3UZ Cost £1.50 min MobcudB more
ham,I am late. I will be there at
ham,U know we watchin at lido?
ham,Bugis oso near wat... 
ham,"Night night, see you tomorrow"
ham,Sorry about that this is my mates phone and i didnt write it love Kate
ham,"Sorry light turned green, I meant another friend wanted  #  worth but he may not be around"
ham,I'm fine. Hope you are also
ham,If you r @ home then come down within 5 min
ham,No * am working on the ringing u thing but have whole houseful of screaming brats so * am pulling my hair out! Loving u
ham,Hi' Test on  # rd ....
ham,"not that I know of, most people up here are still out of town"
spam,"In The Simpsons Movie released in July 2007 name the band that died at the start of the film? A-Green Day, B-Blue Day, C-Red Day. (Send A, B or C)"
ham,"K, I might come by tonight then if my class lets out early"
ham,Aiyah ok wat as long as got improve can already wat...
ham,"Motivate Behind every darkness, there is a shining light waiting for you to find it... Behind every best friend, there is always trust and love... BSLVYL"
ham,Oh god i am happy to see your message after 3 days
ham,Not course. Only maths one day one chapter with in one month we can finish.
ham,How. Its a little difficult but its a simple way to enter this place
ham,"Oh! no, I thought that was your trip! Loooooool ... That just makes SO much more sense now ... *grins* and the sofa reference was ... The sleep on a couch link you sent me ... Wasn't that how you went on your trip ? Oh ... And didn't your babe go with you for that celebration with your rents?"
ham,Ok c u then.
ham,"Sir, I need Velusamy sir's date of birth and company bank facilities details."
ham,"Okay, good, no problem, and thanx!"
ham,"Lemme know when I can swing by and pick up, I'm free basically any time after 1 all this semester"
ham,Really good:)dhanush rocks once again:)
ham,THANX4 TODAY CER IT WAS NICE 2 CATCH UP BUT WE AVE 2 FIND MORE TIME MORE OFTEN OH WELL TAKE CARE C U SOON.C
ham,"The LAY MAN! Just to let you know you are missed and thought off. Do have a great day. And if you can send me bimbo and ugo's numbers, ill appreciate. Safe"
ham,Raji..pls do me a favour. Pls convey my Birthday wishes to Nimya. Pls. Today is her birthday.
ham,"Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da."
spam,"Goal! Arsenal 4 (Henry, 7 v Liverpool 2 Henry scores with a simple shot from 6 yards from a pass by Bergkamp to give Arsenal a 2 goal margin after 78 mins."
ham,happened here while you were adventuring
ham,"Ask g or iouri, I've told the story like ten times already"
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
spam,Great News! Call FREEFONE 08006344447 to claim your guaranteed £1000 CASH or £2000 gift. Speak to a live operator NOW!
ham,Dont know supports srt i thnk. I think ps3 can play through usb too
spam,"Congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! C Suprman V, Matrix3, StarWars3, etc all 4 FREE! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. Dont miss out!"
ham,But you were together so you should be thinkin about him
ham,Yes ammae....life takes lot of turns you can only sit and try to hold the steering...
ham,Happy birthday to you....dear.with lots of love.rakhesh NRI
ham,U wake up already? Thanx 4 e tau sar piah it's quite nice.
spam,* FREE* POLYPHONIC RINGTONE Text SUPER to 87131 to get your FREE POLY TONE of the week now! 16 SN PoBox202 NR31 7ZS subscription 450pw
ham,"I'm in a meeting, call me later at"
spam,"YOUR CHANCE TO BE ON A REALITY FANTASY SHOW call now = 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870 is a national = rate call."
ham,I don know account details..i will ask my mom and send you.my mom is out of reach now.
ham,Y she dun believe leh? I tot i told her it's true already. I thk she muz c us tog then she believe.
ham,Yes I know the cheesy songs from frosty the snowman :)
ham,Nvm... I'm going to wear my sport shoes anyway... I'm going to be late leh.
ham,10 min later k...
ham,What i mean is do they come chase you out when its over or is it stated you can watch as many movies as you want.
ham,"THAT’S ALRITE GIRL, U KNOW GAIL IS NEVA WRONG!!TAKE CARE SWEET AND DON’T WORRY.C U L8TR HUN!LOVE Yaxxx"
ham,"Beautiful tomorrow never comes.. When it comes, it's already TODAY.. In the hunt of beautiful tomorrow don't waste your wonderful TODAY.. GOODMORNING:)"
ham,Oh k.i think most of wi and nz players unsold.
ham,"Good afternoon on this glorious anniversary day, my sweet J !! I hope this finds you happy and content, my Prey. I think of you and send a teasing kiss from across the sea coaxing images of fond souveniers ... You Cougar-Pen"
ham,Does she usually take fifteen minutes to respond to a yes or no question
ham,"It,,s a taxt massage....tie-pos argh ok! Lool!"
spam,"449050000301 You have won a £2,000 price! To claim, call 09050000301."
ham,Even my brother is not like to speak with me. They treat me like aids patent.
ham,"It's fine, imma get a drink or somethin. Want me to come find you?"
ham,"Watching cartoon, listening music & at eve had to go temple & church.. What about u?"
ham,Dai i downloaded but there is only exe file which i can only run that exe after installing.
ham,"Until 545 lor... Ya, can go 4 dinner together..."
ham,A lot of this sickness thing going round. Take it easy. Hope u feel better soon. Lol
ham,Happy birthday... May u find ur prince charming soon n dun work too hard...
ham,Fine i miss you very much.
ham,Do have a nice day today. I love you so dearly.
ham,I'll meet you in the lobby
ham,"Probably gonna be here for a while, see you later tonight )"
ham,Haha okay... Today weekend leh... 
ham,Shuhui has bought ron's present it's a swatch watch...
ham,Thanks  and ! Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say! 
ham,A boy was late 2 home. His father: POWER OF FRNDSHIP
ham,Life spend with someone for a lifetime may be meaningless but a few moments spent with someone who really love you means more than life itself..
ham,"Honeybee Said: *I'm d Sweetest in d World* God Laughed & Said: *Wait,U Havnt Met d Person Reading This Msg* MORAL: Even GOD Can Crack Jokes! GM+GN+GE+GN:)"
ham,His frens go then he in lor. Not alone wif my mum n sis lor.
ham,u dun need to pick ur gf?
ham,I taught that Ranjith sir called me. So only i sms like that. Becaus hes verifying about project. Prabu told today so only pa dont mistake me..
spam,8007 FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt NOKIA to 8007 Get txting and tell ur mates www.getzed.co.uk POBox 36504 W4 5WQ norm 150p/tone 16+
ham,Macha dont feel upset.i can assume your mindset.believe me one evening with me and i have some wonderful plans for both of us.LET LIFE BEGIN AGAIN.call me anytime
ham,Oh all have to come ah?
ham,Is it your yahoo boys that bring in the perf? Or legal.
ham,Hey we can go jazz power yoga hip hop kb and yogasana 
ham,oh ya... Got hip hop open. Haha i was thinking can go for jazz then zoom to cine... Actually tonight i'm free leh... And there's a kb lesson tonight
ham,Anything...
ham,HCL chennai requires FRESHERS for voice process.Excellent english needed.Salary upto  # .Call Ms.Suman  #  for Telephonic interview -via Indyarocks.com
ham,It will stop on itself. I however suggest she stays with someone that will be able to give ors for every stool.
ham,Thanks honey but still haven't heard anything I will leave it a bit longer so not 2 crowd him and will try later - great advice thanks hope cardiff is still there!
ham,Am not interested to do like that.
ham,Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish.
spam,Missed call alert. These numbers called but left no message. 07008009200
spam,"Hi there, 2nights ur lucky night! Uve been invited 2 XCHAT, the Uks wildest chat! Txt CHAT to 86688 now! 150p/MsgrcvdHG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN 18yrs"
ham,Infact happy new year. How are you where are you when are we seeing
ham,Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
ham,Remember to ask alex about his pizza
ham,"Just so that you know,yetunde hasn't sent money yet. I just sent her a text not to bother sending. So its over, you dont have to involve yourself in anything. I shouldn't have imposed anything on you in the first place so for that, i apologise."
ham,Why didn't u call on your lunch?
ham,Watching tv lor... Y she so funny we bluff her 4 wat. Izzit because she thk it's impossible between us?
ham,Oic cos me n my sis got no lunch today my dad went out... So dunno whether 2 eat in sch or wat...
ham,I told your number to gautham..
ham,Its too late:)but its k.wish you the same.
ham,Will u b going to esplanade fr home?
ham,"I think your mentor is , but not 100 percent sure."
spam,Hey I am really horny want to chat or see me naked text hot to 69698 text charged at 150pm to unsubscribe text stop 69698
ham,Many times we lose our best ones bcoz we are 
ham,Good day to You too.Pray for me.Remove the teeth as its painful maintaining other stuff.
ham,"Height of Confidence: All the Aeronautics professors wer calld & they wer askd 2 sit in an aeroplane. Aftr they sat they wer told dat the plane ws made by their students. Dey all hurried out of d plane.. Bt only 1 didnt move... He said:if it is made by my students,this wont even start........ Datz confidence.."
ham,Ever green quote ever told by Jerry in cartoon A Person Who Irritates u Always Is the one Who Loves u Vry Much But Fails to Express It...!..!! :-) :-) gud nyt
ham,:( but your not here....
ham,So when you gonna get rimac access 
ham,Can not use foreign stamps in this country. Good lecture .
ham,Pls pls find out from aunt nike.
ham,Indians r poor but India is not a poor country. Says one of the swiss bank directors. He says that  #  lac crore of Indian money is deposited in swiss banks which can be used for 'taxless' budget for  #  yrs. Can give  #  crore jobs to all Indians. From any village to Delhi 4 lane roads. Forever free power suply to more than  #  social projects. Every citizen can get monthly  # /- for  #  yrs. No need of World Bank & IMF loan. Think how our money is blocked by rich politicians. We have full rights against corrupt politicians. Itna forward karo ki pura INDIA padhe.g.m.
ham,Ok. Very good. Its all about making that money.
spam,"our mobile number has won £5000, to claim calls us back or ring the claims hot line on 09050005321."
ham,"Sure, whenever you show up"
ham,Am on the uworld site. Am i buying the qbank only or am i buying it with the self assessment also?
ham,Hello- thanx for taking that call. I got a job! Starts on monday!
ham,Yup... Hey then one day on fri we can ask miwa and jiayin take leave go karaoke 
ham,Now press conference da:)
ham,No message..no responce..what happend?
ham,ALRITE
ham,Hi! This is Roger from CL. How are you?
ham,Ok. Every night take a warm bath drink a cup of milk and you'll see a work of magic. You still need to loose weight. Just so that you know
ham,Thinking of u ;) x
ham,"Dear friends, sorry for the late information. Today is the birthday of our loving Ar.Praveesh. for more details log on to face book and see. Its his number + # . Dont miss a delicious treat."
ham,"Ok, be careful ! Don't text and drive !"
ham,Aiyah then i wait lor. Then u entertain me. Hee...
spam,Please CALL 08712402972 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you
ham,Loosu go to hospital. De dont let it careless.
ham,Yes i thought so. Thanks.
ham,"Geeee ... I miss you already, you know ? Your all I can think about. I can't wait till next year when we will be together ... *loving kiss*"
ham,Compliments to you. Was away from the system. How your side.
spam,Kit Strip - you have been billed 150p. Netcollex Ltd. PO Box 1013 IG11 OJA
ham,Thought praps you meant another one. Goodo! I'll look tomorrow 
ham,"Brainless Baby Doll..:-D;-), vehicle sariyag drive madoke barolla.."
ham,She's fine. Good to hear from you. How are you my dear? Happy new year oh.
spam,As one of our registered subscribers u can enter the draw 4 a 100 G.B. gift voucher by replying with ENTER. To unsubscribe text STOP
ham,When/where do I pick you up
ham,"Hey... Thk we juz go accordin to wat we discussed yest lor, except no kb on sun... Cos there's nt much lesson to go if we attend kb on sat..."
ham,But you dint in touch with me.
ham,Lol ... I knew that .... I saw him in the dollar store
ham,"Ok omw now, you at castor?"
ham,Sir send to group mail check it.
ham,Doing my masters. When will you buy a bb cos i have for sale and how's bf
ham,Cool. So how come you havent been wined and dined before?
ham,No need to buy lunch for me.. I eat maggi mee..
ham,He is a womdarfull actor
ham,I see a cup of coffee animation
ham,You bad girl. I can still remember them
ham,Fine. Do you remember me.
ham,At WHAT TIME should i come tomorrow
ham,Where are you ? What are you doing ? Are yuou working on getting the pc to your mom's ? Did you find a spot that it would work ? I need you
ham,Lol grr my mom is taking forever with my prescription. Pharmacy is like 2 minutes away. Ugh.
ham,Joy's father is John. Then John is the NAME of Joy's father. Mandan
spam,Please CALL 08712402578 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you
ham,S:-)if we have one good partnership going we will take lead:)
ham,Hi its Kate how is your evening? I hope i can see you tomorrow for a bit but i have to bloody babyjontet! Txt back if u can. :) xxx
ham,I'll text now! All creepy like so he won't think that we forgot
ham,"Yar lor he wan 2 go c horse racing today mah, so eat earlier lor. I ate chicken rice. U?"
ham,Oh really?? Did you make it on air? What's your talent?
ham,No prob. I will send to your email.
ham,What is your record for one night? :)
spam,Ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send CASH to 86688 only 150p/msg. CC: 08718720201 PO BOX 114/14 TCR/W1
ham,Yay can't wait to party together!
ham,Easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
ham,You intrepid duo you! Have a great time and see you both soon. 
ham,They are just making it easy to pay back. I have  # yrs to say but i can pay back earlier. You get?
ham,Okay lor... Wah... like that def they wont let us go... Haha... What did they say in the terms and conditions?
ham,Ok...
ham,When you guys planning on coming over?
ham,Then any special there?
ham,Moji just informed me that you saved our lives. Thanks.
ham,"As usual..iam fine, happy & doing well..:)"
ham,So what about you. What do you remember
ham,Erm. I thought the contract ran out the4th of october.
spam,"Sppok up ur mob with a Halloween collection of nokia logo&pic message plus a FREE eerie tone, txt CARD SPOOK to 8007"
spam,XMAS iscoming & ur awarded either £500 CD gift vouchers & free entry 2 r £100 weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnC www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16subscription 
ham,"Hello, my love. What are you doing? Did you get to that interview today? Are you you happy? Are you being a good boy? Do you think of me?Are you missing me ?"
ham,Anything lor but toa payoh got place 2 walk meh...
ham,Can't take any major roles in community outreach. You rock mel
ham,Oh just getting even with u.... u?
ham,"I'm done. I'm sorry. I hope your next space gives you everything you want. Remember all the furniture is yours. If i'm not around when you move it, just lock all the locks and leave the key with jenne."
spam,"Double mins and txts 4 6months FREE Bluetooth on Orange. Available on Sony, Nokia Motorola phones. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/N9DX"
ham,Will it help if we propose going back again tomorrow
ham,I accidentally deleted the message. Resend please.
ham,Shall i send that exe to your mail id.
ham,Can u send me a copy of da report?
ham,How are you babes. Hope your doing ok. I had a bad nights sleep. I fell asleep at 5.I’m knackered and i’m dreading work tonight. What are thou upto tonight. X
ham,"How long before you get reply, just defer admission til next semester"
ham,HIYA COMIN 2 BRISTOL 1 ST WEEK IN APRIL. LES GOT OFF + RUDI ON NEW YRS EVE BUT I WAS SNORING.THEY WERE DRUNK! U BAK AT COLLEGE YET? MY WORK SENDS INK 2 BATH.
ham,What's up. Do you want me to come online?
ham,Sorry i cant take your call right now. It so happens that there r 2waxsto do wat you want. She can come and ill get her medical insurance. And she'll be able to deliver and have basic care. I'm currently shopping for the right medical insurance for her. So just give me til friday morning. Thats when i.ll see the major person that can guide me to the right insurance.
ham,here is my new address -apples&pairs&all that malarky
ham,Yes.i'm in office da:)
spam,"Congrats 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09063458130 now! videochat wid ur mates, play java games, Dload polypH music, noline rentl. bx420. ip4. 5we. 150p"
ham,"So many people seems to be special at first sight, But only very few will remain special to you till your last sight.. Maintain them till life ends.. Sh!jas"
spam,Do you want 750 anytime any network mins 150 text and a NEW video phone for only five pounds per week call 08000776320 now or reply for delivery Tomorrow
ham,Eh u remember how 2 spell his name... Yes i did. He v naughty make until i v wet.
ham,Cos i was out shopping wif darren jus now n i called him 2 ask wat present he wan lor. Then he started guessing who i was wif n he finally guessed darren lor.
ham,"Sorry, I can't help you on this."
spam,Get a brand new mobile phone by being an agent of The Mob! Plus loads more goodies! For more info just text MAT to 87021.
ham,"Yes, my reg is  Ciao!"
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later  # mins"
ham,"Found it, ENC  # , where you at?"
ham,"Sorry vikky, i'm Watching olave mandara movie kano in trishul theatre wit my frnds.."
ham,Yup
ham,"Goodmorning, today i am late for  DECIMAL min."
ham,Reverse is cheating. That is not mathematics.
ham,Hmm. Shall i bring a bottle of wine to keep us amused? Just joking! I'll still bring a bottle. Red or white? See you tomorrow
spam,+449071512431 URGENT! This is the 2nd attempt to contact U!U have WON £1250 CALL 09071512433 b4 050703 T&CsBCM4235WC1N3XX. callcost 150ppm mobilesvary. max£7. 50
ham,You unbelievable faglord
ham,Nite nite pocay wocay luv u more than n e thing 4eva I promise ring u 2morrowxxxx
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Where wuld I be without my baby? The thought alone mite break me and I don’t wanna go crazy but everyboy needs his lady xxxxxxxx
ham,I think i am disturbing her da
spam,"As a valued customer, I am pleased to advise you that following recent review of your Mob No. you are awarded with a £1500 Bonus Prize, call 09066368470"
ham,"Lol, oh you got a friend for the dog ?"
ham,"St andre, virgil's cream"
spam,"Had your mobile 10 mths? Update to the latest Camera/Video phones for FREE. KEEP UR SAME NUMBER, Get extra free mins/texts. Text YES for a call"
ham,Dear umma she called me now :-)
ham,Today is song dedicated day.. Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me...
spam,PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for <fone no> shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203656 Identifier Code: 42049 Expires 26/10/04
ham,Life style garments account no please.
ham,These won't do. Have to move on to morphine
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,So dont use hook up any how
ham,Lol alright i was thinkin that too haha
ham,I'm on the bus. Love you
ham,"Sorry,in meeting I'll call later"
ham,I dont know oh. Hopefully this month.
ham,u bot notes oredi... Cos i juz rem i got...
ham,X course it 2yrs. Just so her messages on messenger lik you r sending me
ham,I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
ham,Awesome question with a cute answer: Someone asked a boy how is ur life? . . He smiled & answered: . . She is fine! Gudnite
ham,"Anyway I don't think I can secure anything up here, lemme know if you want me to drive down south and chill"
ham,Yes. Please leave at  # . So that at  #  we can leave
ham,I will reach office around  DECIMAL . & my mobile have problem. You cann't get my voice. So call you asa i'll free
ham,Nan sonathaya soladha. Why boss?
ham,Have you heard about that job? I'm going to that wildlife talk again tonight if u want2come. Its that2worzels and a wizzle or whatever it is?! 
spam,URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded a <UKP>2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061790125 from landline. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only 150ppm
ham,Jus telling u dat i'll b leaving 4 shanghai on 21st instead so we'll haf more time 2 meet up cya...
ham,Every monday..nxt week vl be completing..
ham,Great! I shoot big loads so get ready!
ham,Its like that hotel dusk game i think. You solve puzzles in a area thing
spam,A £400 XMAS REWARD IS WAITING FOR YOU! Our computer has randomly picked you from our loyal mobile customers to receive a £400 reward. Just call 09066380611 
ham,I€˜ll have a look at the frying pan in case it€˜s cheap or a book perhaps. No that€˜s silly a frying pan isn€˜t likely to be a book
ham,Ok set let u noe e details later...
ham,Pls dont forget to study
ham,K k :-):-) then watch some films.
ham,Ok then i will come to ur home after half an hour
spam,RECPT 1/3. You have ordered a Ringtone. Your order is being processed...
ham,ALRITE SAM ITS NIC JUST CHECKIN THAT THIS IS UR NUMBER-SO IS IT?T.B*
spam,"Loan for any purpose £500 - £75,000. Homeowners + Tenants welcome. Have you been previously refused? We can still help. Call Free 0800 1956669 or text back 'help'"
ham,No dear i was sleeping :-P
ham,How are you holding up?
ham,I am not sure about night menu. . . I know only about noon menu
ham,Why de. You looking good only:-)..
ham,Ok lor... Or u wan me go look 4 u?
ham,Pls clarify back if an open return ticket that i have can be preponed for me to go back to kerala.
spam,"Shop till u Drop, IS IT YOU, either 10K, 5K, £500 Cash or £100 Travel voucher, Call now, 09064011000. NTT PO Box CR01327BT fixedline Cost 150ppm mobile vary"
ham,Talk With Yourself Atleast Once In A Day...!!! Otherwise You Will Miss Your Best FRIEND In This WORLD...!!! -Shakespeare- SHESIL  #
ham,"Nah it's straight, if you can just bring bud or drinks or something that's actually a little more useful than straight cash"
ham,Ok...
ham,This pay is  DECIMAL  lakhs:)
ham,"Two fundamentals of cool life: Walk, like you are the KING...! OR Walk like you Dont care,whoever is the KING!... Gud nyt"
spam,"Oh my god! I've found your number again! I'm so glad, text me back xafter this msgs cst std ntwk chg £1.50"
ham,"Goodmorning,my grandfather expired..so am on leave today."
ham,He also knows about lunch menu only da. . I know
ham,Babe ? I lost you ... :-(
ham,"Ok. Can be later showing around 8-8:30 if you want + cld have drink before. Wld prefer not to spend money on nosh if you don't mind, as doing that nxt wk."
ham,7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st Ur Lovely Friendship... good morning dear
spam,You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive £1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810810
ham,Somebody should go to andros and steal ice
ham,Raji..pls do me a favour. Pls convey my Birthday wishes to Nimya. Pls. Today is her birthday.
ham,Dont kick coco when he's down
spam,SMS AUCTION - A BRAND NEW Nokia 7250 is up 4 auction today! Auction is FREE 2 join & take part! Txt NOKIA to 86021 now!
ham,Thanx a lot 4 ur help!
ham,Well thats nice. Too bad i cant eat it
ham,Great. Hope you are using your connections from mode men also cos you can never know why old friends can lead you to today
ham,Hey anyway i have to :-)
ham,Did u download the fring app?
ham,Kaiez... Enjoy ur tuition... Gee... Thk e second option sounds beta... I'll go yan jiu den msg u...
ham,Have you laid your airtel line to rest?
ham,"Oops, I'll let you know when my roommate's done"
ham,Jos ask if u wana meet up?
ham,Will you be here for food
ham,Do you like Italian food?
ham,I might go 2 sch. Yar at e salon now v boring.
ham,"Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose."
ham,"I noe la... U wana pei bf oso rite... K lor, other days den..."
ham,o turns out i had stereo love on mi phone under the unknown album.
ham,No one interested. May be some business plan.
ham,Jus finish watching tv... U?
ham,Hi. Hope you had a good day. Have a better night.
ham,Your brother is a genius
ham,I'm fine. Hope you are good. Do take care.
ham,PICK UR FONE UP NOW U DUMB?
ham,Just hopeing that wasn€˜t too pissed up to remember and has gone off to his sisters or something!
ham,Okey dokey swashbuckling stuff what oh.
ham,Juz go google n search 4 qet...
ham,K..k..any special today?
ham,This is all just creepy and crazy to me.
ham,"Tyler (getting an 8th) has to leave not long after 9, can you get here in like an hour?"
spam,"SIX chances to win CASH! From 100 to 20,000 pounds txt> CSH11 and send to 87575. Cost 150p/day, 6days, 16+ TsandCs apply Reply HL 4 info"
ham,"Well, I have to leave for my class babe ... You never came back to me ... :-( ... Hope you have a nice sleep, my love"
ham,Yes when is the appt again?
ham,Hello handsome ! Are you finding that job ? Not being lazy ? Working towards getting back that net for mummy ? Where's my boytoy now ? Does he miss me ?
spam,"Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. Simply text the password MIX to 85069 to verify. Get Usher and Britney. FML, PO Box 5249, MK17 92H. 450Ppw 16"
ham,Just sleeping..and surfing
ham,Sleeping nt feeling well
ham,U can call now...
ham,"naughty little thought: 'its better to flirt, flirt n flirt, rather than loving someone n gettin hurt, hurt n hurt...:-) Gud nyt"
ham,Yes:)from last week itself i'm taking live call.
ham,E admin building there? I might b slightly earlier... I'll call u when i'm reaching...
ham,"1) Go to write msg 2) Put on Dictionary mode 3)Cover the screen with hand, 4)Press  # . 5)Gently remove Ur hand.. Its interesting..:)"
ham,Need a coffee run tomo?Can't believe it's that time of week already
ham,I've told him that i've returned it. That should i re order it.
ham,Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng
ham,Really... I tot ur paper ended long ago... But wat u copied jus now got use? U happy lar... I still haf 2 study :-(
ham,Good morning princess! How are you?
ham,"Dude. What's up. How Teresa. Hope you have been okay. When i didnt hear from these people, i called them and they had received the package since dec  # . Just thot you'ld like to know. Do have a fantastic year and all the best with your reading. Plus if you can really really Bam first aid for Usmle, then your work is done."
spam,"You are being contacted by our dating service by someone you know! To find out who it is, call from a land line 09050000878. PoBox45W2TG150P"
spam,"I want some! My hubby's away, I need a real man 2 satisfy me. Txt WIFE to 89938 for no strings action. (Txt STOP 2 end, txt rec £1.50ea. OTBox 731 LA1 7WS. )"
ham,I'm gonna rip out my uterus.
ham,I'm really sorry i won't b able 2 do this friday.hope u can find an alternative.hope yr term's going ok:-)
spam,For the most sparkling shopping breaks from 45 per person; call 0121 2025050 or visit www.shortbreaks.org.uk
spam,83039 62735=£450 UK Break AccommodationVouchers terms & conditions apply. 2 claim you mustprovide your claim number which is 15541 
ham,Hi i won't b ard 4 christmas. But do enjoy n merry x'mas.
ham,"OH YEAH,AND HAV A GREAT TIME IN NEWQUAY-SEND ME A POSTCARD !1 LOOK AFTER ALL THE GIRLS WHILE IM GONE(U KNOW THE 1IM TALKIN BOUT!)xx"
spam,"Urgent! call 09066350750 from your landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or 10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150 ppm 18+"
ham,Don no da:)whats you plan?
ham,Nice line said by a broken heart- Plz don't cum 1 more times infront of me... Other wise once again I ll trust U... Good 9t:)
ham,:-( sad puppy noise
spam,More people are dogging in your area now. Call 09090204448 and join like minded guys. Why not arrange 1 yourself. There's 1 this evening. A£1.50 minAPN LS278BB
ham,Does cinema plus drink appeal tomo? * Is a fr thriller by director i like on at mac at 8.30.
ham,R u sure they'll understand that! Wine * good idea just had a slurp!
ham,Yes I started to send requests to make it but pain came back so I'm back in bed. Double coins at the factory too. I gotta cash in all my nitros.
ham,Boy; I love u Grl: Hogolo Boy: gold chain kodstini Grl: Agalla Boy: necklace madstini Grl: agalla Boy: Hogli 1 mutai eerulli kodthini! Grl: I love U kano;-)
ham,I attended but nothing is there.
ham,how tall are you princess?
ham,Oops sorry. Just to check that you don't mind picking me up tomo at half eight from station. Would that be ok?
spam,"You are being contacted by our dating service by someone you know! To find out who it is, call from a land line 09050000928. PoBox45W2TG150P"
ham,"Same here, but I consider walls and bunkers and important just because I never play on peaceful but I guess your place is high enough that it don't matter"
ham,Good evening! How are you?
spam,"Twinks, bears, scallies, skins and jocks are calling now. Don't miss the weekend's fun. Call 08712466669 at 10p/min. 2 stop texts call 08712460324(nat rate)"
spam,dating:i have had two of these. Only started after i sent a text to talk sport radio last week. Any connection do you think or coincidence?
spam,CDs 4u: Congratulations ur awarded £500 of CD gift vouchers or £125 gift guaranteed & Freeentry 2 £100 wkly draw xt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16 
ham,"Mum, i've sent you many many messages since i got here. I just want to know that you are actually getting them. Do enjoy the rest of your day."
ham,Aight what time you want me to come up?
ham,On the way to office da..
ham,Ok i've sent u da latest version of da project.
ham,Thank you baby! I cant wait to taste the real thing...
spam,Had your mobile 11mths ? Update for FREE to Oranges latest colour camera mobiles & unlimited weekend calls. Call Mobile Upd8 on freefone 08000839402 or 2StopTxt
ham,And stop being an old man. You get to build snowman snow angels and snowball fights.
spam,"Get 3 Lions England tone, reply lionm 4 mono or lionp 4 poly. 4 more go 2 www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. Tones 3GBP network operator rates apply."
ham,Ok. She'll be ok. I guess
ham,"Hiya, had a good day? Have you spoken to since the weekend?"
ham,K still are you loving me.
spam,"For ur chance to win a £250 cash every wk TXT: ACTION to 80608. T's&C's www.movietrivia.tv custcare 08712405022, 1x150p/wk"
ham,So i'm doing a list of buyers.
ham,"Sorry da thangam, very very sorry i am held up with prasad."
ham,Nope watching tv at home... Not going out. V bored...
ham,Ya:)going for restaurant..
ham,At home watching tv lor.
ham,"No, I decided that only people who care about stuff vote and caring about stuff is for losers"
spam,Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country Liverpool played in mid week? Txt ansr to 82277. £1.50 SP:Tyrone
ham,Ok lor thanx... u in school?
ham,"She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife,"
ham,Ok...
ham,"No dice, art class 6 thru 9 :( thanks though. Any idea what time I should come tomorrow?"
ham,Good night my dear.. Sleepwell&Take care
spam,"HOT LIVE FANTASIES call now 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870 is a national rate call"
ham,"G says you never answer your texts, confirm/deny"
ham,Yes but I don't care cause I know its there!
ham,Dear how is chechi. Did you talk to her
ham,Lmao ok I wont be needing u to do my hair anymore.
ham,What's up my own oga. Left my phone at home and just saw ur messages. Hope you are good. Have a great weekend.
ham,And stop wondering wow is she ever going to stop tm'ing me ?! because I will tm you whenever I want because you are MINE ... *laughs*
ham,What happened to our yo date?
ham,"Damn, poor zac doesn't stand a chance"
ham,Ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday
ham,"ER, ENJOYIN INDIANS AT THE MO..yeP. SaLL gOoD HehE ;> hows bout u shexy? Pete Xx"
ham,Hey! There's veggie pizza... :/
ham,"I have 2 sleeping bags, 1 blanket and paper and  phone details. Anything else?"
spam,Ur balance is now £500. Ur next question is: Who sang 'Uptown Girl' in the 80's ? 2 answer txt ur ANSWER to 83600. Good luck!
ham,Already one guy loving you:-.
ham,Prepare to be pounded every night...
ham,You are a great role model. You are giving so much and i really wish each day for a miracle but God as a reason for everything and i must say i wish i knew why but i dont. I've looked up to you since i was young and i still do. Have a great day.
ham,"Awesome, I remember the last time we got somebody high for the first time with diesel :V"
spam,"If you don't, your prize will go to another customer. T&C at www.t-c.biz 18+ 150p/min Polo Ltd Suite 373 London W1J 6HL Please call back if busy "
spam,"SMS. ac JSco: Energy is high, but u may not know where 2channel it. 2day ur leadership skills r strong. Psychic? Reply ANS w/question. End? Reply END JSCO"
ham,Shall call now dear having food