type,text
ham,Hope you are having a good week. Just checking in
ham,K..give back my thanks.
ham,Am also doing in cbe only. But have to pay.
spam,"complimentary 4 STAR Ibiza Holiday or £10,000 cash needs your URGENT collection. 09066364349 NOW from Landline not to lose out! Box434SK38WP150PPM18+"
spam,okmail: Dear Dave this is your final notice to collect your 4* Tenerife Holiday or #5000 CASH award! Call 09061743806 from landline. TCs SAE Box326 CW25WX 150ppm
ham,Aiya we discuss later lar... Pick u up at 4 is it?
ham,Are you this much buzy
ham,Please ask mummy to call father
spam,Marvel Mobile Play the official Ultimate Spider-man game (£4.50) on ur mobile right now. Text SPIDER to 83338 for the game & we ll send u a FREE 8Ball wallpaper
ham,"fyi I'm at usf now, swing by the room whenever"
ham,"Sure thing big man. i have hockey elections at 6, shouldn€˜t go on longer than an hour though"
ham,I anything lor...
ham,"By march ending, i should be ready. But will call you for sure. The problem is that my capital never complete. How far with you. How's work and the ladies"
ham,"Hmm well, night night "
ham,K I'll be sure to get up before noon and see what's what
ham,Ha ha cool cool chikku chikku:-):-DB-)
ham,Darren was saying dat if u meeting da ge den we dun meet 4 dinner. Cos later u leave xy will feel awkward. Den u meet him 4 lunch lor.
ham,He dint tell anything. He is angry on me that why you told to abi.
ham,Up to u... u wan come then come lor... But i din c any stripes skirt...
spam,"U can WIN £100 of Music Gift Vouchers every week starting NOW Txt the word DRAW to 87066 TsCs www.ldew.com SkillGame,1Winaweek, age16.150ppermessSubscription"
ham,2mro i am not coming to gym machan. Goodnight.
ham,ARR birthday today:) i wish him to get more oscar.
ham,Reading gud habit.. Nan bari hudgi yorge pataistha ertini kano:-)
ham,"I sent my scores to sophas and i had to do secondary application for a few schools. I think if you are thinking of applying, do a research on cost also. Contact joke ogunrinde, her school is one me the less expensive ones"
ham,"Could you not read me, my Love ? I answered you"
ham,So what did the bank say about the money?
ham,Well if I'm that desperate I'll just call armand again
ham,"Fuuuuck I need to stop sleepin, sup"
ham,So how's the weather over there?
ham,Ok thanx...
ham,Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
ham,1Apple/Day=No Doctor. 1Tulsi Leaf/Day=No Cancer. 1Lemon/Day=No Fat. 1Cup Milk/day=No Bone Problms 3 Litres Watr/Day=No Diseases Snd ths 2 Whom U Care..:-)
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Will do. Was exhausted on train this morning. Too much wine and pie. You sleep well too
spam,U have won a nokia 6230 plus a free digital camera. This is what u get when u win our FREE auction. To take part send NOKIA to 83383 now. POBOX114/14TCR/W1 16
ham,Ron say fri leh. N he said ding tai feng cant make reservations. But he said wait lor.
ham,"Call me when you/carlos is/are here, my phone's vibrate is acting up and I might not hear texts"
ham,Oh k :)why you got job then whats up?
spam,"SPJanuary Male Sale! Hot Gay chat now cheaper, call 08709222922. National rate from 1.5p/min cheap to 7.8p/min peak! To stop texts call 08712460324 (10p/min)"
ham,Yeah you should. I think you can use your gt atm now to register. Not sure but if there's anyway i can help let me know. But when you do be sure you are ready.
ham,Nationwide auto centre (or something like that) on Newport road. I liked them there
ham,He is there. You call and meet him
ham,Yeah sure I'll leave in a min
spam,URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a £2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061790121 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only 150ppm
ham,"Mah b, I'll pick it up tomorrow"
ham,Then she dun believe wat?
ham,I've sent u my part..
ham,Hey so whats the plan this sat? 
ham,Can you just come in for a sec? There's somebody here I want you to see
ham,Yup. Izzit still raining heavily cos i'm in e mrt i can't c outside.
ham,"I think we're going to finn's now, come"
ham,Our Prasanth ettans mother passed away last night. Just pray for her and family.
ham,"Enjoy the showers of possessiveness poured on u by ur loved ones, bcoz in this world of lies, it is a golden gift to be loved truly.."
ham,He's really into skateboarding now despite the fact that he gets thrown off of it and winds up with bandages all over his arms every five minutes
ham,You please give us connection today itself before  DECIMAL  or refund the bill
spam,Congratulations ur awarded 500 of CD vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & Free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
ham,Mum not going robinson already.
ham,Got meh... When?
ham,We are both fine. Thanks
ham,"awesome, how do I deal with the gate? Charles told me last night but, uh, yeah"
ham,"I thought i'd get him a watch, just cos thats the kind of thing u get4an18th. And he loves so much!"
ham,Have a safe trip to Nigeria. Wish you happiness and very soon company to share moments with
ham,Hey! do u fancy meetin me at 4 at cha – hav a lil beverage on me. if not txt or ring me and we can meet up l8r. quite tired got in at 3 v.pist ;) love Pete x x x
ham,"no, i *didn't* mean to post it. I wrote it, and like so many other times i've ritten stuff to you, i let it sit there. it WAS what i was feeling at the time. I was angry. Before i left, i hit send, then stop. It wasn't there. I checked on my phone when i got to my car. It wasn't there. You said you didn't sleep, you were bored. So why wouldn't THAT be the time to clean, fold laundry, etc.? At least make the bed?"
ham,"If you want to mapquest it or something look up usf dogwood drive, that's the tiny street where the parking lot is"
ham,"Ha ha nan yalrigu heltini..Iyo kothi chikku, u shared many things wit me..so far i didn't told any body and even uttered a word abt u.. If ur trusting me so much how can i tell these to others.. Plz nxt time dont use those words to me..ok, chikku:-);-)B-)"
ham,Becoz its  #  jan whn al the post ofice is in holiday so she cn go fr the post ofice...got it duffer
ham,Good. do you think you could send me some pix? I would love to see your top and bottom...
ham,Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.. GOOD NIGHT
ham,"Buzz! Hey, my Love ! I think of you and hope your day goes well. Did you sleep in ? I miss you babe. I long for the moment we are together again*loving smile*"
ham,Lara said she can loan me  # .
ham,Dunno leh cant remember mayb lor. So wat time r we meeting tmr?
ham,So wats ur opinion abt him and how abt is character?
ham,Oh oh... Wasted... Den muz chiong on sat n sun liao...
ham,Are you at work right now ?
ham,Bring home some Wendy =D
ham,Ok going to sleep. Hope i can meet her.
ham,Allo! We have braved the buses and taken on the trains and triumphed. I mean we€˜re in b€˜ham. Have a jolly good rest of week
ham,Hmmm:)how many players selected?
ham,You flippin out yet?
ham,Your board is working fine. The issue of overheating is also reslove. But still software inst is pending. I will come around 8'o clock.
spam,URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a £2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061790121 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only 150ppm
spam,1000's of girls many local 2 u who r virgins 2 this & r ready 2 4fil ur every sexual need. Can u 4fil theirs? text CUTE to 69911(£1.50p. m)
ham,"Nope. Since ayo travelled, he has forgotten his guy"
ham,Hey tmr maybe can meet you at yck
ham,Ok i'm coming home now.
ham,u called dad oredi...
ham,"Alright, I'll head out in a few minutes, text me where to meet you"
ham,*deep sigh* ... I miss you :-( ... I am really surprised you haven't gone to the net cafe yet to get to me ... Don't you miss me?
ham,Will be office around 4 pm. Now i am going hospital.
spam,ASKED 3MOBILE IF 0870 CHATLINES INCLU IN FREE MINS. INDIA CUST SERVs SED YES. L8ER GOT MEGA BILL. 3 DONT CARE. BAILIFF DUE IN DAYS. I O £250 3 WANT £800
ham,Yup bathe liao...
ham,I am getting threats from your sales executive Shifad as i raised complaint against him. Its an official message.
ham,S.this will increase the chance of winning.
ham,How are you doing. How's the queen. Are you going for the royal wedding
ham,Dear reached railway. What happen to you
ham,Probably gonna swing by in a wee bit
ham,K k pa Had your lunch aha.
ham,Whom you waited for yesterday
spam,"Urgent Urgent! We have 800 FREE flights to Europe to give away, call B4 10th Sept & take a friend 4 FREE. Call now to claim on 09050000555. BA128NNFWFLY150ppm"
spam,"For ur chance to win a £250 wkly shopping spree TXT: SHOP to 80878. T's&C's www.txt-2-shop.com custcare 08715705022, 1x150p/wk"
ham,Ok give me 5 minutes I think I see her. BTW you're my alibi. You were cutting my hair the whole time.
ham,At home by the way
ham,Have a good evening! Ttyl
ham,Am watching house €“ very entertaining €“ am getting the whole hugh laurie thing €“ even with the stick €“ indeed especially with the stick.
ham,But my family not responding for anything. Now am in room not went to home for diwali but no one called me and why not coming. It makes me feel like died.
ham,"So many people seems to be special at first sight, But only very few will remain special to you till your last sight.. Maintain them till life ends.. take cr da"
ham,She's good. How are you. Where r u working now
ham,Ya i knw u vl giv..its ok thanks kano..anyway enjoy wit ur family wit 1st salary..:-);-)
ham,"Lol you forgot it eh ? Yes, I'll bring it in babe"
ham,Wow so healthy. Old airport rd lor. Cant thk of anything else. But i'll b bathing my dog later.
spam,This is the 2nd time we have tried to contact u. U have won the £1450 prize to claim just call 09053750005 b4 310303. T&Cs/stop SMS 08718725756. 140ppm
ham,have got * few things to do. may be in * pub later.
ham,Wat u doing now?
ham,"I'm a guy, browsin is compulsory"
ham,No i am not having not any movies in my laptop
ham,What should i eat fo lunch senor
ham,"Thank You for calling.Forgot to say Happy Onam to you Sirji.I am fine here and remembered you when i met an insurance person.Meet You in Qatar Insha Allah.Rakhesh, ex Tata AIG who joined TISSCO,Tayseer."
ham,No i'm not gonna be able to. || too late notice. || i'll be home in a few weeks anyway. || what are the plans
ham,AH POOR BABY!HOPE URFEELING BETTERSN LUV! PROBTHAT OVERDOSE OF WORK HEY GO CAREFUL SPK 2 U SN LOTS OF LOVEJEN XXX.
ham,Please dont say like that. Hi hi hi
ham,Really? I crashed out cuddled on my sofa.
ham,Dont show yourself. How far. Put new pictures up on facebook.
ham,I know! Grumpy old people. My mom was like you better not be lying. Then again I am always the one to play jokes...
ham,Boo I'm on my way to my moms. She's making tortilla soup. Yummmm
ham,What not under standing.
ham,"So you think i should actually talk to him? Not call his boss in the morning? I went to this place last year and he told me where i could go and get my car fixed cheaper. He kept telling me today how much he hoped i would come back in, how he always regretted not getting my number, etc."
ham,Pls tell nelson that the bb's are no longer comin. The money i was expecting aint coming
ham,I didnt get anything da
ham,I want snow. It's just freezing and windy.
ham,Bishan lar nearer... No need buy so early cos if buy now i gotta park my car...
ham,You stayin out of trouble stranger!!saw Dave the other day he’s sorted now!still with me bloke when u gona get a girl MR!ur mum still Thinks we will get 2GETHA! 
ham,"I've got  # , any way I could pick up?"
spam,Fancy a shag? I do.Interested? sextextuk.com txt XXUK SUZY to 69876. Txts cost 1.50 per msg. TnCs on website. X
ham,U can call me now...
ham,Eatin my lunch...
ham,"What will we do in the shower, baby?"
ham,Leave it wif me lar... u wan to carry meh so heavy... Is da num 98321561 familiar to u?
ham,No just send to you. Bec you in temple na.
ham,After completed degree. There is no use in joining finance.
ham,Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
ham,alright tyler's got a minor crisis and has to be home sooner than he thought so be here asap
ham,Do I? I thought I put it back in the box
ham,I have many dependents
ham,"Once a fishrman woke early in d mrng. It was very dark. He waited a while & found a sack ful of stones. He strtd throwin thm in2 d sea 2 pass time. Atlast he had jus 1stone, sun rose up & he found out tht those r nt stones, those were diamonds. Moral:Dont wake up early in d mrng'' GOOD night"
ham,"Hello.How u doing?What u been up 2?When will u b moving out of the flat, cos I will need to arrange to pick up the lamp, etc. Take care. Hello caroline!"
ham,Hello darlin ive finished college now so txt me when u finish if u can love Kate xxx
ham,"Jus chillaxin, what up"
ham,No break time one... How... I come out n get my stuff fr u?
spam,Dear Dave this is your final notice to collect your 4* Tenerife Holiday or #5000 CASH award! Call 09061743806 from landline. TCs SAE Box326 CW25WX 150ppm
ham,Ok... Let u noe when i leave my house.
ham,I've been searching for the right words to thank you for this breather. I promise i wont take your help for granted and will fulfil my promise. You have been wonderful and a blessing at all times.
ham,Midnight at the earliest
ham,Pls ask macho how much is budget for bb bold 2 is cos i saw a new one for  #  dollars.
ham,U should make a fb list
ham,"Princess, is your kitty shaved or natural?"
ham,"Ahhhh...just woken up!had a bad dream about u tho,so i dont like u right now :) i didnt know anything about comedy night but i guess im up for it."
ham,He's an adult and would learn from the experience. There's no real danger. I just dont like peeps using drugs they dont need. But no comment
spam,U have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094565
ham,"You know, wot people wear. T shirts, jumpers, hat, belt, is all we know. We r at Cribbs"
ham,Me fine..absolutly fine
ham,How much are we getting?
ham,Did you try making another butt.
spam,+123 Congratulations - in this week's competition draw u have won the £1450 prize to claim just call 09050002311 b4280703. T&Cs/stop SMS 08718727868. Over 18 only 150ppm
ham,I am sorry it hurt you.
spam,Show ur colours! Euro 2004 2-4-1 Offer! Get an England Flag & 3Lions tone on ur phone! Click on the following service message for info!
ham,Ok. C u then.
ham,Ok leave no need to ask
ham,Pansy! You've been living in a jungle for two years! Its my driving you should be more worried about!
ham,I remain unconvinced that this isn't an elaborate test of my willpower
spam,You have been specially selected to receive a 2000 pound award! Call 08712402050 BEFORE the lines close. Cost 10ppm. 16+. T&Cs apply. AG Promo
ham,"Sorry I missed you babe. I was up late and slept in. I hope you enjoy your driving lesson, boytoy. I miss you too ... *teasing kiss*"
spam,8007 25p 4 Alfie Moon's Children in Need song on ur mob. Tell ur m8s. Txt TONE CHARITY to 8007 for nokias or POLY CHARITY for polys :zed 08701417012 profit 2 charity 
ham,Mm have some kanji dont eat anything heavy ok
ham,I dont have any of your file in my bag..i was in work when you called me.i 'll tell you if i find anything in my room.
ham,Ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday
ham,Anything lar...
ham,Oh thanks a lot..i already bought 2 eggs ..
ham,I know complain num only..bettr directly go to bsnl offc nd apply for it..
ham,No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
ham,No pic. Please re-send.
ham,cThen i thk shd b enuff.. Still got conclusion n contents pg n references.. I'll b doing da contents pg n cover pg..
ham,I donno if they are scorable
ham,"Send ur birthdate with month and year, I will tel u ur LIFE PARTNER'S name. and the method of calculation. Reply must."
ham,BOO BABE! U ENJOYIN YOURJOB? U SEEMED 2 B GETTIN ON WELL HUNNY!HOPE URE OK?TAKE CARE & I’LLSPEAK 2U SOONLOTS OF LOVEME XXXX.
ham,Have you finished work yet? :)
spam,Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country the Algarve is in? Txt ansr to 82277. £1.50 SP:Tyrone
spam,Send a logo 2 ur lover - 2 names joined by a heart. Txt LOVE NAME1 NAME2 MOBNO eg LOVE ADAM EVE 07123456789 to 87077 Yahoo! POBox36504W45WQ TxtNO 4 no ads 150p.
ham,Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
ham,You are a very very very very bad girl. Or lady.
ham,In e msg jus now. U said thanks for gift.
ham,it's still not working. And this time i also tried adding zeros. That was the savings. The checking is  # 
ham,Aiyah e rain like quite big leh. If drizzling i can at least run home.
ham,I have gone into get info bt dont know what to do
ham,That's a shame! Maybe cld meet for few hrs tomo?
spam,"Urgent! call 09066612661 from landline. Your complementary 4* Tenerife Holiday or £10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO Box 3 WA14 2PX 150ppm 18+ Sender: Hol Offer"
ham,Yupz... I've oredi booked slots 4 my weekends liao... 
ham,Is that on the telly? No its Brdget Jones!
ham,"Sorry man my account's dry or I would, if you want we could trade back half or I could buy some stuff with my credit card"
spam,"WELL DONE! Your 4* Costa Del Sol Holiday or £5000 await collection. Call 09050090044 Now toClaim. SAE, TCs, POBox334, Stockport, SK38xh, Cost£1.50/pm, Max10mins"
spam,FREE MSG:We billed your mobile number by mistake from shortcode 83332.Please call 08081263000 to have charges refunded.This call will be free from a BT landline
ham,"Gal n boy walking in d park. gal-can i hold ur hand? boy-y? do u think i would run away? gal-no, jst wana c how it feels walking in heaven with an prince..GN:-)"
ham,"Come to me, slave. Your doing it again ... Going into your shell and unconsciously avoiding me ... You are making me unhappy :-("
ham,If he started searching he will get job in few days.he have great potential and talent.
ham,"As in missionary hook up, doggy hook up, standing...|"
ham,Ok anyway no need to change with what you said
ham,#  great loxahatchee xmas tree burning update: you can totally see stars here
ham,hope things went well at 'doctors' ;) reminds me i still need 2go.did u c d little thing i left in the lounge?
ham,ELLO BABE U OK?
ham,u go home liao? Ask dad to pick me up at 6...
ham,u say until like dat i dun buy ericsson oso cannot oredi lar...
ham,Oooh I got plenty of those!
ham,What's a feathery bowa? Is that something guys have that I don't know about?
ham,"Aight I'll grab something to eat too, text me when you're back at mu"
ham,wiskey Brandy Rum Gin Beer Vodka Scotch Shampain Wine KUDIyarasu dhina vaazhthukkal. ..
ham,Sun ah... Thk mayb can if dun have anythin on... Thk have to book e lesson... E pilates is at orchard mrt u noe hor...  
ham,I don't know but I'm raping dudes at poker
ham,When is school starting. Where will you stay. What's the weather like. And the food. Do you have a social support system like friends in the school. All these things are important.
ham,Mm not entirely sure i understood that text but hey. Ho. Which weekend?
spam,"Last Chance! Claim ur £150 worth of discount vouchers today! Text SHOP to 85023 now! SavaMob, offers mobile! T Cs SavaMob POBOX84, M263UZ. £3.00 Sub. 16"
ham,You are gorgeous! keep those pix cumming :) thank you!
ham,Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
ham,It took Mr owl 3 licks
ham,No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
ham,Alright took the morphine. Back in yo.
ham,No:-)i got rumour that you going to buy apartment in chennai:-)
ham,You've already got a flaky parent. It'snot supposed to be the child's job to support the parent...not until they're The Ride age anyway. I'm supposed to be there to support you. And now i've hurt you. unintentional. But hurt nonetheless.
ham,Lol ok your forgiven :)
ham,Hi :)finally i completed the course:)
spam,Jamster! To get your free wallpaper text HEART to 88888 now! T&C apply. 16 only. Need Help? Call 08701213186.
ham,at bruce b downs & fletcher now
spam,"Urgent! call 09066350750 from your landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or 10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150 ppm 18+ "
ham,Yes I posted a couple of pics on fb. There's still snow outside too. I'm just waking up :)
ham,Well. Balls. Time to make calls
spam,How about getting in touch with folks waiting for company? Just txt back your NAME and AGE to opt in! Enjoy the community (150p/SMS)
ham,"Awesome, be there in a minute"
ham,Hey i've booked the 2 lessons on sun liao...
ham,S..antha num corrct dane
ham,Is it ok if I stay the night here? Xavier has a sleeping bag and I'm getting tired
ham,O. Well uv causes mutations. Sunscreen is like essential thesedays
ham,Boooo you always work. Just quit.
ham,"Can you please ask macho what his price range is, does he want something new or used plus it he only interfued in the blackberry bold  #  or any bb"
ham,In which place i can get rooms cheap:-)
ham,So why didnt you holla?
ham,"In case you wake up wondering where I am, I forgot I have to take care of something for grandma today, should be done before the parade"
ham,Hai priya are you right. What doctor said pa. Where are you.
ham,Is she replying. Has boye changed his phone number
ham,At what time are you coming.
ham,I hope your pee burns tonite.
spam,BIG BROTHER ALERT! The computer has selected u for 10k cash or #150 voucher. Call 09064018838. NTT PO Box CRO1327 18+ BT Landline Cost 150ppm mobiles vary
spam,For sale - arsenal dartboard. Good condition but no doubles or trebles!
ham,"4 tacos + 1 rajas burrito, right?"
ham,At the funeral home with Audrey and dad
ham,Hurry home u